HK$266.8 million in last year, despite the fact that the Group has recorded a relatively small loss in the first half of this year. business for NS has increased by 55% to HK$1,773.0 million in this year. mainly attributable to the restructuring of the loss making national distribution business. national distribution business. The administrative expenses amounted to HK$29.1 million, reduced by 37% when compared to HK$46.3 million of last year. The substantial reduction was mainly attributable to the one-off share-based payment expenses for share options of HK$14.8 million in last year. due to the uncertainty in the recoverability of these receivables. Group in late 2007, due to the weak market sentiment in the mobile retail business in Zhuhai. with HK$18.2 million in last year. the substantial decrease in the level of bank borrowings in this year. last year. compared to HK$255.1 million or HK$0.68 per share as at 31st December, 2007. The basic deficit per share was HK$0.21, while the basic deficit per share was HK$0.80 in last year. Group to reduce its borrowing level. Owing to breaches in certain financial covenants, the bank loans were classified as short- pledged to a bank. The Group is financed by a combination of its equity capital, cash flow generated from its operation and bank borrowings. manage its foreign currency exposure whenever its financial impact is material to the Group. for the fulfillment distribution business for NS. The inventory turnover period was 26 days in this year when compared to 47 fulfillment distribution business for NS. basis which further reduces the credit risk of the Group. made to TeleChoice. As at 31st December, 2008, the Group has in total 218 employees as compared to 270 employees as at 31st December, 2007. subscribe for shares of the Company. PRC market still has a lot of untapped potential. distribution”, “provincial distribution”, “direct to retail” and “direct to operator”. the activities of the value chain. remained a challenge due to the intense competition in the market. With a view to further diversify the business of the Group, in July 2007, the Group contracted to acquire approximately 40.8% future as demand for mineral resources will be considerable in view of the continued growth of the PRC economy. business with Nokia. the shareholders’ value. 