The board (the “Board”) of directors (the “Directors”) of Richly Field China Development Limited (the “Company”) is pleased to announce the unaudited condensed consolidated interim results of the Company and its subsidiaries (collectively, the “Group”) for the six months period ended 30 September 2014 (the “Reporting Period”), together with comparative unaudited figures for the six months period ended 30 September 2013 (the “Corresponding Period”). The Group is principally engaged in property development, property management, building construction and maintenance and trading of fashion wears and accessories. The property development projects of the Group mainly include outlet operation model based and featured commercial properties (such as tourism property, senior care property and wine chateaus) and high-end residential properties. During the Reporting Period, the Group recorded revenue from sales of property of approximately HK$34,884,000, mainly attributable to delivery of part of the shops and Phase 1 of residential property of its Outlets Shopping Mall and Outlets Town located in Changsha, Hunan Province, the PRC (the “Changsha Outlets Project”). As infrastructure construction of the Changsha Outlets Project was completed prior to the Reporting Period, there was a decline in relevant revenue of approximately HK$40,646,000 during the Reporting Period compared to the corresponding period. As for financing aspect, Richly Field (Beijing) Investment Consulting Co., Ltd., a subsidiary of the Company, entered into a reviving loan facility agreement with JeShing Real Estate Group Company Limited in April 2014 in relation to a loan facility in the total principal amount of RMB300,000,000 (equivalent to approximately HK$378,510,000) for a term of three years at an interest rate of 5% per annum. It helped the Group to replenish cash flow and reduce overall finance cost. As at the end of the Reporting Period, the utilised balance of the loan was RMB41,500,000 (equivalent to approximately HK$52,361,000) and the remaining facility may be successively withdrawn in the future within the loan term depending on cash flow conditions of the Group. The Changsha Outlets Project is a commercial and residential property project developed by Hunan Richly Field Outlets Real Estate Limited* (“Hunan Richly Field”), a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company. During the Reporting Period, the project was gradually mature and being improved. Besides successive delivery of the street-side shops of Residential Phase 1 and Residential Phase 1, efforts were also enhanced to speed up construction of Residential Phase 2, and the sales permit of which was already obtained in November 2014 and the official sale of which will be kicked off soon which will enrich sales structure and boost sales progress of the Group. In addition, the project’s block- type commercial complex, with area of approximately 90,000 square meters, had started official operation during the National Day Golden Week in 2014, being visited by hundreds of thousands of people during the seven-day holiday. As at the reporting date, more than 160 stores were opened, involving middle-and high-end fashion wears, sports and leisure products, leather products and catering stores. Meanwhile, it is well equipped with IMAX cinema, children’s playground, supermarkets, outdoor exploration zone and bus stations, making it the biggest shopping, leisure and entertainment center in the local area. This will also give a strong boost to the residential sales in the future and further replenish cash flow of the Group. During the Reporting Period, the Group completed acquisition of 60% equity interest in Qinhuangdao Outlets Real Estate Co., Ltd (“Qinhuangdao Outlets”) held by the partner-companies, thus making Qinhuangdao Outlets its wholly-owned subsidiary and gaining 100% control over the property development project. Located on Golden Coast, Changli County, Qinhuangdao City, Hebei Province, and adjacent to North China’s tourism resort, the Beidaihe Beach Resort, Qinhuangdao Outlets project (the “Qinhuangdao Outlets Project”) is planned to cover 1,800 mu, and Phase I of which, covering 1,077 mu, has been granted the state-owned construction land use rights. Based on its geographical and environmental advantages, Qinhuangdao Outlets Project is planned to build into a large coastal complex property featuring functions of shopping, tourism, leisure, vacation and living. So far, construction works for fences, earthwork backfilling, electricity installation have been partially completed, and design of the display center has been finished in an effort to prepare for the official kickoff of the project. During the Reporting Period, progress was made in respect of projects under the associate companies of the Company. The master plan and display area design plan of Hebei Huailai winery project developed by Huailai Dayi Wineries Company Limited, a 50%-owned associate of the Company, has been completed. Infrastructure for utility services is in place for the display area and works has been partially completed regarding landscaping, planting and slope repairs. Preparation regarding listing for sale of 480 mu of construction land has been in progress. Jilin Outlets World Brands Discount City Company Limited, a 42%-owned associate of the Company will develop a comprehensive project in Shuangyang District, Changchun City, Jilin Province featuring outlet malls, combining theme parks and resort hotels for tourists (“Jilin Outlets Project”). Market positioning, design plan, tendering and municipal research and assessment works for the project has been completed during the Reporting Period. The Group is working with the government to proceed with the assignment of the 462 mu of state-owned land use right for the project. The prospering online shopping trend has to certain extent affected the performance of some traditional commerce and trade distribution companies. In response, the Group has adopted a forward looking move in its business planning by shifting the focus from fashion retail to leisure, entertainment and catering-related customer experience activities in its Outlets Shopping Mall. Leisure or other service zones, such as high-end IMAX cinema, wholesale-store style KTV, entertainment-related interaction with children, Chinese and western- style catering, outdoor health experiences, waterside leisure bars, financial self-service areas can be found in the Group’s Outlets Shopping Mall, which accounted for nearly half of the overall business areas and brought more customers to visit for fun or other purposes. Meanwhile, the Group plans to set itself as an example of a business model combining online and physical store interactive operations through the launch of online Outlets Shopping Mall, and online reservation for consumption at physical stores. The successful opening of the Outlets Shopping Mall in Changsha has helped the Group gather a large clientele of business owners, and accumulate valuable experiences for follow-up development and development of other projects, including the Qinhuangdao Outlets Project. During the Reporting Period, the Group recorded a total revenue of approximately HK$36,069,000 as compared with approximately HK$41,675,000 in the Corresponding Period. The revenue of the Reporting Period was mainly attributable to the sales of properties of approximately HK$34,884,000 in respect of the units sold in Residential Phase 1 of the Changsha Outlets Projects. Compared with nil for the Corresponding Period. Sale of fashion wears and accessories also recorded revenue in the amount of approximately HK$675,000 for the Reporting Period compared with approximately HK$1,029,000 for the Corresponding Period. Rental income of approximately HK$478,000 was also recorded from the leasing of the Outlets Plaza of the Changsha Outlets Project compared with nil for the Corresponding Period. The profit attributable to equity holders amounted to approximately HK$27,606,000 as compared with a loss of approximately HK$70,361,000 in the Corresponding Period. The earnings per share for the Reporting Period was approximately HK0.31 cents as compared with loss per share of approximately HK0.79 cents for the Corresponding Period. The Group did not have any significant investments during the Reporting Period. MAteRIAL ACQUIsItIons AnD DIsPosALs oF As disclosed in the Company’s circular dated 24 June 2014, the Group acquired the remaining 60% issued share capital of King Future Limited, further details are set out in note 23 to the condensed consolidate financial statements. LIQUIDItY, FInAnCIAL ResoURCes AnD CAPItAL The Group mainly finances its business operations with its internal resources and loan facilities from banks and financial institutions. As at 30 September 2014, the Group had cash and bank balance of approximately HK$70,931,000 (31 March 2014: HK$270,533,000). The Group’s current ratio (measured as total current assets to total current liabilities) was 0.64 times (31 March 2014: 1.60 times). The decrease in the current ratio was mainly due to the increase of (i) deferred income of approximately HK$466,447,000, (ii) tax payable of approximately HK$168,321,000 and (iii) due to related parties of HK$234,639,000. As at 30 September 2014, the secured bank and unsecured borrowings of the Group amounted to approximately HK$1,520,348,000 (31 March 2014: HK$1,520,400,000) and HK$3,533,000 (31 March 2014: HK$3,531,000), respectively. The gearing ratio, which is calculated as a percentage of total interest bearing borrowings to total equity, was 497% (31 March 2014: 543%). The decrease in the gearing ratio was mainly due to the increase in total equity as at 30 September 2014. Details of interest-bearing bank and other borrowings of the Group are set out in note 18 to the condensed consolidated financial statements. As at 30 September 2014, property interest held by the Group with net carrying amount of approximately HK$506,698,000 (31 March 2014: HK$515,544,000) were pledged to PRC banks for the Group’s borrowings. As the Group’s bank and other borrowings, bank and cash balances, trade receivables, trade payables, accruals, other payables and amounts due to related parties were mainly denominated in Renminbi, the Group had not significant exposure to foreign currency fluctuation. As at 30 September 2014, the Group, as lessee, had total future minimum lease payments under non-cancellable operating leases amounting to approximately HK$15,000 (31 March 2014: HK$26,000). As at 30 September 2014, the Group had capital commitments contracted, but not provided for and authorised, but not contracted for in respect of property development expenditures of HK$467,489,000 (31 March 2014: HK$142,095,000) and HK$2,065,969,000 (31 March 2014: HK$2,802,971,000), respectively. (a) Other than the provision, the Group may be subject to claims for compensation for failure to deliver the shop premises of the Changsha Outlets Project and a provision of HK$346,000 (30 September 2013: HK$230,000) was recognised in this respect as at 30 September 2014. While claims for compensation for some of the tenants were based on parameters which cannot be ascertained at this stage (e.g., monthly contingent rental charges over the tenants, which are based on certain percentages of the monthly turnover of the individual outlet shops), no reliable estimation can be made on the amount of the potential compensation payable for these tenants as at 30 September 2014. No claim for compensation has been lodged against the Group up to the date of this report. (b) The Company has entered into two State-owned Construction Land Use Rights Sale Contracts (the “Land Use Rights Sale Contracts”) with the Wangcheng Land Bureau in relation to the acquisitions of the land parcel with site areas of 406,887 square meters and 651,666 square meters (the “Land”) on 28 October 2009 and 19 January 2010, respectively. Pursuant to the Land Use Rights Sale Contracts, the construction works for the Land (the “Changsha Outlets Projects”) shall be completed on or before 20 August 2012 and 31 December 2012, respectively and subject to a daily penalty of 0.1%, payable to the Wangcheng Land Bureau, calculated based on the purchase consideration of the Land in respect of delay in completion of the construction (the “Penalty”). On 15 March 2014, the Company agreed with Hunan Wangcheng Economic Development Zone Management Committee ( ) and Changsha Municipal Land and Resources Economic Development Zone of Wangcheng Bureau Land and ) (collectively referred to the “relevant PRC authorities”), which are responsible for supervision of the Changsha Outlets Project and supervision of the Land, respectively, and the relevant PRC authorities agreed with the Company that, if the occupancy rate of Phase I of Changsha Outlets Project reached 75% by the end of June 2014 and the construction of Phase 2 of Changsha Outlets Project has commenced by the end of December 2014, the relevant PRC authorities shall not request the Company to pay the Penalty. As the aforesaid conditions were met, as of 30 September 2014, the Directors are confident that the aforesaid conditions and the penalty will not be payable as the Group has not been informed or received any notice regarding the Penalty. The management of the Group will continue the communication with the relevant PRC authorities to report on the Group’s current situation. Apart from the aforesaid, with respect to this matter, the Directors are not aware of any other penalties which would require a provision or disclosure as contingent liabilities at the reporting date. (c) Qinhuangdao Outlets has entered into four State-owned Construction Land Use Rights Sale Contracts (the “Land Use Rights Sale Contracts”) with Changli Land Bureau in relation to the acquisitions of the four parcels land on Golden Coast Road, Changli County, Qinhuangdao City, Hebei Province, the PRC, with site areas of 717,955 square meters (the “Land”) on 2 February 2012. Qinhuangdao Outlets has contingent liabilities as it may subject to possible penalty in relation to the delay in the completion of the construction work of the Land. Pursuant to the Land Use Rights Sale Contracts, the construction work for the site area of 1,247.5 square meters shall be commenced on or before 13 October 2012 and completed by 13 October 2013, and total site areas of 716,709.33 square meters shall be commenced on or before 13 October 2012 and completed by 13 October 2014. Any delay in the completion of the construction work without prior approval shall be subject to a daily penalty charged at a rate of the 0.1% on the land premium. As at 30 September 2014, the estimated quantifiable maximum penalty relating to the site area of 1,247.5 square meters of the Land was approximately RMB322,000 (equivalent to approximately HK$407,000) payable to Changli Land Bureau. The possible penalty in relation to the delay in the completion of the construction work for the site of 716,709.33 square meters of the Land was unable to be determined as at 30 September 2014. However, the Directors are of the opinion that the crystallisation of such penalty is not probable and will not be demanded. As at 30 September 2014, the Group employed a total of 311 employees (excluding Directors) as compared with 275 employees (excluding directors) as at 30 September 2013. The Group remunerates its employees based on their performance, working experience and prevailing market parameters. Employee benefits include medical insurance coverage, provident fund and share options. The golden age of China’s real estate industry has already gone, and it has now entered into a “silver age” after a nearly 20-year rapid development. Being an industry that is relatively vulnerable to the country’s macro policies, the real estate industry has been in a recession, especially since the second half of last year. In the opinion of the Group, the real estate industry, despite its current downturn, has an economic and political impact that cannot be ignored, and the ultimate goal of the country’s regulation is to promote a healthy development of the real estate industry instead of curbing its development. Therefore, the real estate industry will remain a pillar industry in the coming 15 or 20 years from a long-term prospect, and urbanization will serve as a major driver to the sustainable development. The pursuit for a high-quality lifestyle will continue to support development of housing for improvement, upscale property and property with characteristics. Getting products closer to the market would surely lead to a step ahead. Being a real estate developer, the Group has adopted the “silver age” by developing the right products, reaching out to the right clients, attending to details, expanding market and extending the industrial chain. This is also the long-term development target of the Group. The Group’s business model is characterized by commercial property and property with characteristics, including Globe Outlets Shopping Mall and low-density and high-quality residential property, tourism property, senior care property and wine chateaus, etc.. Globe Outlets Shopping Mall is a true international eco-friendly shopping park that has been designed by absorbing the quintessence of European and American outlets, providing a good combination of shopping, leisure, entertainment, tourism and vacation. Its main businesses and categories include the world-renowned discount stores, clothing and ornaments for men and women from China’s first-line and second-line brands, cosmetic products, jewelries, sports and leisure products, children’s playground, IMAX cinema, European and American-style streets, catering from various countries. Each project covers an area of up to more than hundred thousand square meters, creating a shopping environment that is different from the traditional shopping and exudes a vivid air of European and American style in terms of architecture styles and shopping environment for modern people. Outlets have become a brand new lifestyle, whose vitality lies in the beautiful landscapes, rich availability of luxury brands, low- profile luxury, affordable prices, refreshing air, delicious food and pleasant experiences. This has also demonstrated the vitality of Globe Outlets Shopping Mall. While enhancing the business level, the Group is also working on the improvement of building construction and quality of housing units being delivered. The Group has taken many measures to further enhance the commercial operation and property management standards of the companies within the Group, such as expanding Wi-Fi coverage, providing free shuffle facilities and setting up online forums for property owners. Therefore, the Group is of the view that it has taken a lead amid transformation of the real estate industry. Meanwhile, its early possession of large-area land parcels has laid an unparalleled foundation for the development of these properties with characteristics, an advantage that is desired by general real estate developers are uncomparable. With accommodative policies in relation to the real estate industry along with the supporting financial policies being recently rolled out by the Central Government, domestic economic growth is expected to be stabilized, and shifted from focusing on growth pace to balancing quality development. As a result, the domestic real estate transaction volume has recently increased, and the Group will seize this opportunity to speed up business growth by improving the product mix to achieve faster sales and payment collection, and enhancing the asset turnover efficiency. To ensure the competitive edges of the Group, the Company completed acquisition of the remaining 60% interest in the Qinhuangdao Outlets Project in September 2014 and has paid a deposit of RMB145 million for the panel land in Changchun for the Jilin Outlets Project. Both projects will be developed as complex projects based on Globe Outlets Shopping Mall. The total investment for the Qinhuangdao Outlets Project and the Jilin Outlets Project is expected to exceed RMB6 billion, and the total investment in Changsha Outlets Project is estimated to be RMB5 billion. The Company will roll out the above investments in the coming 3 to 6 years and accelerate collection of property sales proceeds through progressive development. Therefore, the Company does not expect any significant pressure for capital. In addition, the Group will continue to expand financing channels and is actively seeking fund raising possibilities in Hong Kong’s capital market. Moreover, a higher receivable turnover arising from an enriched portfolio of available-for-sale inventories will provide a good capital guarantee to the Group’s sustainable development. In addition, the sufficient land reserve of the Group accumulated in the past has laid a sound foundation for the Group to flexibly adapt to market changes. The Group will also continue to seek opportunities to acquire more lands. The Board does not recommend any interim dividend for the Reporting Period (six months period ended 30 September 2013: Nil). 