its high labour content in the manufacturing process have increased tremendously, in light of the serious labour shortage problems in many industrialized locations in the PRC and labour wages have been rising rapidly with respect to the improving living standard and inflation in the PRC. In addition, increasing raw material costs especially costs of paper, on the back of the surge in commodity prices further squeezed the gross profit margin. Accordingly, notwithstanding the recovering demand for packaging printing products, gross profit fell to approximately HK$107.6 million for the Review Year. In line with the increase in turnover, selling and distribution costs during the Review Year increased by approximately 3.0% to approximately HK$34.0 million. Notwithstanding stringent cost control measures adopted by the Group under difficult operating conditions, having accounted for the one-off legal and professional fee of approximately HK$2.8 million and the increase in staff-related costs of HK$4.1 million, administrative expenses have also increased by approximately 6.4% to approximately HK$61.5 million during the Review Year. With the Group’s improving financial position, effective credit control in place and stringent cash flow management, coupled with the expansion of capital and further reduction in bank borrowings on generally lower interest rates, finance costs declined substantially by approximately 35.1% to approximately HK$2.3 million during the Review Year. As a result of the combined effects of the foregoing, profit before tax for the Review Year decreased to approximately HK$20.6 million. Owing to the decrease in profit before tax for the Review Year and the recognition of additional Hong Kong Profits Tax arising from non-deductibility of certain depreciation allowance claims and other consequential and related charges in the Corresponding Year, income tax expense decreased to approximately HK$4.2 million during the Review Year from approximately HK$12.6 million during the Corresponding Year. Accordingly, profit attributable to equity shareholders decreased to approximately HK$16.3 million for the Review Year. In addition to the decrease in profit attributable to equity shareholders which has negatively impacted the cash flow from operations, the stocking of papers as reflected by the increase in inventory level, in anticipation of the upward trend in cost of paper, has also exerted significantly pressures on operating cashflows. Thus, the cash flow from operations decreased by approximately 65.2% to approximately HK$34.9 million. Meanwhile, having considered the significance of production efficiency and expected sales growth, the Group has invested approximately HK$32.0 million on fixed assets especially for upgrading the production machineries and facilities. Strongly backed up by the capital injection from placing of shares during the Review Year, the cash and cash equivalents for the Review Year has almost doubled to approximately HK$100.6 million. Further discussion on the Group’s financial structure, liquidity and leverage is set out in the section headed “Financial and Capital Resources”. Despite clouded by uncertainty surrounding the fiscal crisis in Europe in which our sales is expanding and expected continuous appreciation of the Chinese Renminbi which could translate into additional cost pressure, the Group is strived with its well established networks in sales, purchase and fundraising under the difficult market environment to sustain its fruitful results and to capture any valuable investment opportunities. In short, the Directors are confident that the Group will be able to maximize its value added to shareholders. 