The Group’s revenue was approximately HK$903 million for the year (2010: HK$894 million). The gross profit for the year was approximately HK$154 million representing 17.1% of turnover (2010: 17.7%). Profit attributable to owners of the Company was approximately HK$17 million, representing a drop of 51.5% compared with last year (2010: HK$35 million). The drop was due to the one-off expenses of listing expenses, share-based payment and donation amounted to approximately HK$22 million in total charged to the year. If these one-off expenses are excluded, the Group’s normal operating net profit would be approximately HK$39 million, representing an increase of 11.4% compared with last year. This is mainly due to the tighter cost control over administrative and general expenses implemented by the Group during the year. The Group’s inventory level was approximately HK$108 million as at 31 March 2011, an increase of approximately HK$52 million compared with last year (2010: HK$56 million). Increase in finished goods is approximately HK$13 million which were mainly goods-in-transit being delivered to customers’ warehouse. Another major reason attributable to the high inventory level is the increase in raw materials of approximately HK$44 million. The Group has received some program orders with delivery spreading over the year end to the first half of next financial years, thus, larger amounts of fabrics and accessories had been purchased before the year end. Such kind of program orders did not happen as at last year end. The Group’s deposits, prepayments and other receivables for this year end was approximately HK$84 million (2010: HK$23 million). This is due to increase in deposits paid to fabric supplier hedging for the yarn and fabric prices. The cotton, yarn and fabric prices jumped sharply during the year, the Group has generally locked the yarn and fabric prices immediately upon received of firm orders from customers in order to secure our gross profit margin. Trade payable as at the year ended was approximately HK$63 million, a decrease of approximately HK$33 million compared with last year (2010: HK$96 million). Some of the Group’s sub-contract manufacturers faced financial pressure from the upsurge of cotton, yarn and fabric prices for the year, in order to support our business partners with long term good relationship, the Group on average paid the sub-contract manufacturers earlier during the year as compared with last year. The Group continued to maintain a strong financial position for the year under review with cash and cash equivalents amounted to approximately HK$136 million as at 31 March 2011. Total bank borrowings of the Group as at 31 March 2011 was approximately HK$127 million including a mortgage loan of approximately HK$19 million of which approximately HK$18 million is repayable after one year, all the remaining bank borrowings of approximately HK$109 million are repayable within one year. Gearing ratio is defined as net debt (representing by bank borrowings net of cash and cash equivalent) divided by shareholders’ equity. As at 31 March 2011, the Group’s cash and cash equivalents of approximately HK$136 million exceeded its total bank borrowings of approximately HK$127 million and resulted in no gearing. The Group’s current ratio was approximately 1.9 (2010: 1.4). For the year under review and as at 31 March 2011, the Group’s bank borrowings were in Hong Kong dollars (“HK$”) and US dollars (“US$”), the majority of interest-bearing bank borrowings of the Group were on HIBOR and LIBOR basis. Most of the Group’s cash balances were deposits in US$, HK$ and RMB with major global financial institutions and most of the Group’s monetary assets, revenues, monetary liabilities and payments were held in US$, HK$ and RMB. The RMB is expected to continue the trend of appreciation, the Group has entered into a forward contract during the year to hedge some of the risks. And considering the Group’s monetary assets in RMB is more than its monetary liabilities in RMB, we consider that the risk exposure in RMB is manageable. Foreign exchange risks arising from sales and purchases transacted in different currencies are normally managed by the Group through the use of foreign exchange forward contracts. Pursuant to the Group’s policy in place, foreign exchange forward or any other financial derivatives contracts are entered into by the Group for hedging purposes. The Group has not entered into any financial derivatives contracts for speculation. During the year, the Group invested approximately HK$9 million (2010: HK$42 million) on additions to property, plant and equipment. As at 31 March 2011, the Group had commitments of approximately HK$4 million in respect of acquisition of new machineries and improvements on rented factory plant, which are financed by the net proceeds from global offering. As at 31 March 2011, certain properties of the Group with net book value of approximately HK$29 million (2010: HK$58 million) were pledged to a bank to secure banking facilities granted. As at 31 March 2011, the Group had a total workforce of 2,946 of whom 1,701 were based in the PRC, 1,158 were in Indonesia and 70 were located in Hong Kong and 17 were located in other places. The Group offers its employees competitive remuneration schemes which are generally structured by reference to market terms and individual qualifications. Salaries and wages are normally reviewed annually based on performance appraisals and other relevant factors. In addition, bonuses are normally paid to those eligible based on individual’s and the Group’s performance. The Company maintains a share option scheme (the “Share Option Scheme”), pursuant to which share options are granted to selected eligible participants including employees of the Group, with a view to providing those eligible participants with appropriate incentive to contribute to the success of the Group. Details of the Share Option Scheme are set out in Note 32 to the consolidated financial statements. The Company was successfully listed on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (“Stock Exchange”) on 5 October 2010 (“Listing Date”). The net proceeds from global offering were approximately HK$50.9 million after deducting related listing expenses. The following table sets forth the use of net proceeds during the year ended 31 March 2011. Utilised as Expansion and improvement of Expansion of sample design and 