(formerly known as Modern Beauty Salon Holdings Limited) During the financial year ended 31 March 2020 (“FY2020” or “the year under review”), revenue of the Group amounted to approximately HK$522.6 million, representing a decrease of 9.3% compared with approximately HK$576.0 million for the year ended 31 March 2019 (“FY2019” or the “same period last year”). The receipts from sales of prepaid beauty packages during the year under review was HK$496.3 million, a decrease of 8.6% over the same period last year. The employees benefit expenses and occupancy costs and depreciation charge of other properties leased for own use decreased by 2.3% to HK$311.7 million and decreased by 19.4% to HK$92.2 million respectively as compared with the same period last year. The Group recorded an operating loss of HK$17.3 million during the year under review (FY2019: operating loss of HK$2.2 million). Below is the key statistics: Revenue (HK$ million) Operating loss margin (%) Net loss margin (%) Employee benefit expenses (HK$ million) Occupancy costs and depreciation charge of other properties leased for own use: — Occupancy costs (HK$ million) — Depreciation charge of other properties leased for own use (HK$ million) Total dividend per ordinary share (HK cents) Annual dividend pay-out ratio (%) The China-US trade tensions and social events in Hong Kong, followed by the global outbreak of COVID-19 has deepened the economic recession in Hong Kong in the first quarter of 2020, with real GDP contracting sharply by 8.9% year-on-year, the steepest for a single quarter on record. During the financial year ended 31 March 2020, with the restructure of our shop portfolio and streamlined optimisation of our workforce, both the employees benefit expenses and occupancy costs and depreciation charge of properties leased for own use were reduced compared with that of last year. We will continue to ensure the safety and quality of the services and products offered in our beauty and wellness centres. Revenue for the year under review decreased by 8.1%. Revenue from services rendered and receipts from prepaid beauty packages for the year under review were HK$429.1 million and HK$441.5 million respectively (FY2019: HK$471.2 million and HK$475.4 million). Revenue from sales of skincare and wellness products was HK$22.3 million in FY2020 (FY2019: HK$20.1 million). Our customers in Hong Kong amounted up to a total of approximately 424,000 during the year under review, representing an increase of 1.2% as compared to approximately 419,000 in the same period last year. Various comprehensive high quality beauty, slimming and facial services are offered to the general public including, inter alia, skincare, slimming, hairstyling, cosmetics, manicures, pedicures, electrology, and aesthetics services. In an effort to further strengthen its leading market position, the Group introduced a number of innovative beauty, slimming and anti-aging treatments and machineries during the year under review, such as the Salus Talent which is a therapeutic device for transcutaneous magnetic stimulation. It non-invasively optimises circulation of the nervous system, increases tissue energy conversion, successfully increases muscle mass and at the same time reduces body fat. In terms of the sales of skincare and wellness products, as of 31 March 2020, the Group had a total of 10 stores under the names of “be Beauty Shop”, locating across Hong Kong, Kowloon and New Territories. More than 100 varieties of products are available for sale under different series of skincare service, including “Y.U.E”, “Advanced Natural”, “Bioline”, “BeYu”, “Malu Wilz” which can fulfill the needs of customers with different skin types. During the FY2020, our Mainland China operations are conducted through two wholly owned foreign enterprises established in Shanghai and Guangzhou. These two wholly owned foreign enterprises operate a total of 3 service centres at the two cities referred to. During the year under review, our service income and receipts from prepaid beauty packages in Mainland China amounted to HK$11.1 million and HK$10.7 million respectively, representing a decrease of 29.6% and 17.1% respectively, as compared to the same period last year. (formerly known as Modern Beauty Salon Holdings Limited) During the FY2020, the Group operated a total of 10 beauty and wellness service centres in Singapore (FY2019: 11). During the FY2020, the revenue from operations in Singapore was HK$57.6 million, as compared with HK$60.8 million for the same period last year. Revenue recognised for provision of beauty and wellness services and receipts from sales of prepaid beauty packages in Singapore amounted to HK$52.2 million and HK$44.1 million respectively, as compared with HK$55.3 million and HK$54.4 million for the same period last year. The Group will proceed with its Singapore business development in a prudent and steady manner. With relentless dedication to customer satisfaction, we will continue to focus on providing quality services that serve our customers well and enhance our brand awareness. Set out below is a breakdown on the revenue of the Group by service lines and product sales during FY2020 (with comparative figures for FY2019): Percentage Percentage Revenue of the Group was mainly contributed by the beauty, facial and slimming services. The Group’s revenue from beauty and wellness services decreased by about 9.4% from approximately HK$543.1 million in FY2019 to approximately HK$492.3 million in FY2020. The Group reported that the sales of new prepaid beauty packages of the Group amounted to HK$496.3 million, representing a decrease of 8.6% compared with HK$543.2 million for FY2019, while cash and cash equivalents in hand were maintained at a healthy level. Set out below is an analysis on the deferred revenue: Hong Singapore and Revenue recognized for provision of beauty and wellness Employee benefit expenses (including staff’s salaries and bonuses as well as directors’ remunerations) represented the largest component of the Group’s operating costs. During the year under review, employee benefit expenses decreased by about 2.3% from HK$319.1 million in FY2019 to approximately HK$311.7 million. Employee benefit expenses accounted for 59.6% of our revenue in FY2020, as compared to 55.4% for FY2019. The total headcount of the Group as at 31 March 2020 decreased by 6.9% to 1,087, as compared to a headcount of 1,167 for the FY2019. The decrease of the amount of employee benefits expenses and headcount is mainly due to the continuous cost efficiency that we endeavor to pursue. The Group’s remuneration policies are in line with the prevailing market practices and are determined based on the individual performance and experience. For the purpose of motivating and rewarding our staff, discretionary bonus and share options may be granted to eligible employees based on individual performance and the Group’s results. The Group introduced the elite system since the first quarter of 2010, whereby excellent staff with outstanding performance may receive discretionary bonus in recognition of their contribution. During the year under review, the Group’s occupancy costs and depreciation of other properties leases for own use were approximately HK$92.2 million (2019: HK$114.5 million), accounting for approximately 17.7% of our revenue (2019: 19.9%). As of 31 March 2020, the Group operated a total of 35 service centres in Mainland China and Hong Kong with a total weighted average gross floor area of 209,000 square feet, representing a decrease of 11.4% as compared to 236,000 square feet in FY2019. As of 31 March 2020, the Group had 10 centres in Singapore, with a total weighted average gross floor area of approximately 20,000 square feet (FY2019: approximately 21,000 square feet). Bank charges recorded changes in line with sales of new prepaid beauty packages, which decreased by 5.7% to HK$25.2 million. Advertising costs increased to HK$5.3 million from HK$4.4 million for the same period last year. Advertising cost as a percentage of revenue in FY2020 was 1.0% which remained stable compared with that of the same period last year. This reflected the Group’s ability to enjoy cost advantage in advertising cost as it could spread such costs across an enlarged service centre network that covers Hong Kong, Mainland China and Singapore. Advertising cost is allocated in an effective way to raise brand awareness and capture a greater market share. Building management fees decreased by about 6.8% from HK$14.0 million in FY2019 to approximately HK$13.0 million during the year under review. It accounts for 2.5% of our revenue in FY2020, as compared to 2.4% for FY2019. (formerly known as Modern Beauty Salon Holdings Limited) Note: The administrative expenses for each of the years ended 31 March 2019 and 2020 included motor vehicles expenses, postage and courier expenses, printing and stationary, telephone and fax and transportation expenses. The net loss attributable to equity shareholders of the Company was approximately HK$31.6 million in FY2020, as compared to the net loss attributable to equity shareholders of the Company of HK$13.3 million in FY2019. The Group will continue to expand its business when opportunities arise in order to achieve the long-term value added objective of maximising shareholders’ returns. The Board did not recommend any final dividend to the shareholders of the Company for the year under review (FY2019: Nil). As no interim dividend had been approved by the Board for the six months ended 30 September 2019, the total dividend for the year ended 31 March 2020 will be nil (FY2019: Nil). The Group generally finances its liquidity requirements through the receipts from sales of prepaid beauty packages and settlement of credit card prepayment transactions with banks. During the year under review, we maintained a strong financial position with abundant cash and bank balances of approximately HK$180.0 million (FY2019: HK$188.2 million) with no bank borrowings. Our cash is primarily used as working capital and to finance our normal operating expenses, Set out below is a breakdown on the other operating expenses of the Group during FY2020 (with comparative figures for FY2019): Administrative expenses (Note) as well as to pay for the purchase of skincare and wellness products, materials and consumable used in the provision of beauty and wellness services. During the year under review, except for the fund required for operation, the majority of the Group’s cash was held under fixed and savings deposits as in line with the Group’s prudent treasury policies. The total capital expenditure of the Group (excluding additions to right-of-use assets for leases of properties for own use) during the year under review was approximately HK$20.0 million, as compared to HK$32.6 million for the same period last year. The amount was mainly used for the additions of leasehold improvements, motor vehicles and equipment and machinery in connection with the expansion and integration of its service network in Hong Kong, Mainland China and Singapore. The Board considered that there was no material contingent liabilities as at 31 March 2020. The Group had capital commitment of HK$0.1 million as at 31 March 2020 (31 March 2019: HK$4.9 million), mainly for the acquisition of plant and equipment. As of 31 March 2020, the Group had pledged bank deposits of HK$54.1 million (31 March 2019: HK$53.2 million) in favour of certain banks to secure banking facilities granted to certain subsidiaries in the Group. will inevitably be affected. Nonetheless, the Group was or would be granted subsidy under the Subsidy Scheme for Beauty Parlours under the Anti-epidemic Fund and subsidy under the Employment Support Scheme in Hong Kong. Both subsidies reduce the loss destined to incur during the shop closure period. During the year under review, in order to provide the Group with a more appropriate corporate identity and strategic direction, we have changed the name of the Company to Modern Healthcare Technology Holdings Limited to better reflect and highlight the future strategic business plan to diversify into healthcare and high technological business segments. During the year under review, the Group has acquired the IconX electronic business card application software, which is used as a social networking platform for users to exchange their electronic business cards via QR codes. In the future, the Group will continue to explore various business opportunities proactively and prudently in order to seek new sources of business income. Looking ahead, while the road to recovery is challenging, the Group will remain cautious in opening new salons with a focus on improving the performance of services to our customers through our salon network. We will also endeavor to negotiate with the landlords for rent reduction so that the Group’s rental cost will be decreased to a reasonably low level in face of the uncertain global and local business environment. Environmental Policies and The Group understands that its business has an impact on the environment and recognises the importance of sound environmental management practices and sustainable business operations. It is committed to comply with the relevant environmental standards and policies related to its business operations as set by the relevant governments. The Group has implemented a number of environment-friendly measures in its operations and workplaces including but not limited to retail shops, warehouses and offices. In its day-to-day operations, the Group advocates “paperless office” and actively promotes electronic management information system. It also sets up required equipment in order to arrange different kinds of meeting by using teleconference and video conference, resulting in savings The Group’s transactions were mainly denominated in Hong Kong Dollars. However, the exchange rates of Hong Kong Dollars against Renminbi and Singapore Dollars also affected the operating costs as the Group expanded its business to Mainland China and Singapore. The management will closely monitor the risk exposures faced by the Group, and will take necessary actions to minimise potential risks and strike a balance between our exposure and return so as to properly hedge such exposures. The Group had a workforce of 1,087 staff as of 31 March 2020 (31 March 2019: 1,167 staff), including 900 front-line service centre staff in Hong Kong, 36 in Mainland China and 60 in Singapore. Back office staff totaled 69 in Hong Kong, 5 in Mainland China, 14 in Singapore and 3 in Australia. The Group reviews its remuneration policies on a regular basis with reference to the legal framework, market conditions and performance of the Group and individual staff. The Remuneration Committee also reviews the remuneration policies and packages of executive directors and the senior management. Pursuant to the remuneration policies of the Group, employees’ remunerations comply with the legal requirements of all jurisdictions in which we operate, and are in line with the market rates. During the year under review, total employee benefit expenses including directors’ emoluments amounted to HK$311.7 million, representing a 2.3% decrease as compared to HK$319.1 million in FY2019. To enhance the service quality and core skills of our staff members, the Group regularly organises training programs designed by the Group’s senior management for its staff. In addition, the seminars also facilitate the interaction and communication between the Group’s management and the general staff. The negative economic outlook and trade tensions between the US and China, as well as the combined impact of the global COVID-19 outbreak, have had a profound impact on the retail and services sector in Hong Kong and Singapore. Our shops in Hong Kong and Singapore are closed from 10 April 2020 to 7 May 2020 and 7 April to 18 June 2020 respectively due to the anti-epidemic and circuit-breaker measures launched by the Hong Kong and Singapore governments. Our performance after the year end period (formerly known as Modern Beauty Salon Holdings Limited) (d) The Board believes effective communication and accurate and timely information disclosure builds the Shareholders’ and investors’ confidence, and also facilitates the flow of constructive feedback and ideas that are beneficial for investor relations and future corporate development. Macroeconomic changes – The Group’s business is sensitive to the general economic conditions and other factors like consumer credit. Regulatory & political risk of business – This includes legal regulation update in Hong Kong, especially the Trade Description Ordinance Chapter 362, Law of Hong Kong, since the Group’s business mainly operates in Hong Kong. In addition, the Group would develop markets in Mainland China further, which also bring more risk in relation to regulatory and political changes. Market competition – The Group is under intense pressure to compete on both price and service as large and small, regional or niche competitors attempt to increase market share. Foreign currency risk associated with the Group’s investment – The Group may be exposed to transaction and translation (exchange rate) risks, particularly Renminbi, Singapore Dollars and Australian Dollars, and associated financial cost risks. Rising costs of Hong Kong business – This mainly refers to increasing operational cost resulting from uncertain economic environment. Reputation and performance risk of skincare and wellness products business of the Group – The Group’s business is dependent on its reputation and quality of service and the Group may lose potential business if the quality of its products and service are called into question. in time and resources. For retail shops, the Group has implemented energy saving practices by using some LED lighting fixtures. Compliance with Laws and The Group recognises the importance of compliance with regulatory requirements and risks of non-compliance with such requirements. The Group has conducted on-going review of the newly enacted laws and regulations affecting the operations of the Group and provides relevant trainings and guidance to the staff. The Group has complied with the relevant laws and regulations of its places of operation that have significant impact on the operations of the Group for the year ended 31 March 2020. (a) The Group believes that employees are a key element to the success of its business, so it strives to maintain a high staff retention rate by providing competitive remuneration package and developing harmonious workplace. To enhance capabilities and effectiveness of its employees in operation, the Group provides them with a comprehensive training program which includes quality service skills, product knowledge and language and interpersonal skills. In addition, the Group would organize regular retail staff gatherings to promote team spirits and award retail staff who had outstanding sales performance. (b) The Group provides direct service to consumers in its retail and salon shops. To ensure continuous improvement of the quality of products and services, the Group regularly conducts internal and external market surveys to interact with consumers and to gain market insights and feedback. (c) The Group has established long standing cooperation relationship with certain suppliers. It selects its suppliers prudently. The relevant suppliers need to fulfill certain assessment criteria of the Group, including, among others, experience of financial capability, reputation and history of meeting our standards for raw materials or finished products. 