The Group is principally engaged in the provision of environmental services in Hong Kong and the PRC, which include the provision of cleaning and related services for (i) public area and office cleaning services which involve cleaning of public areas, carpets, floors, toilets, changing rooms, lifts and escalators and emptying of garbage bins at commercial buildings and their tenants, residential complexes, shopping arcades, hotels and public transport facilities such as airport, ferries, ferry terminal, cargo and logistics centre and depots; (ii) overnight kitchen cleaning services mainly at private club and hotels; (iii) external wall and window cleaning services; (iv) stonefloor maintenance and restoration services; (v) pest control and fumigation services; (vi) waste management and disposal solutions which mainly involve collection, transportation and disposal of household waste, construction waste and trade waste and sales of recyclable waste such as paper, metal and plastic waste collected during our operations; (vii) housekeeping services where we provide housekeeping services to carry out professional daily housekeeping and cleaning services at local boutique hotels, hostels and serviced apartments; (viii) secure and confidential waste destruction for commercial clients; (ix) sanitation solution for yacht; (x) cleaning and waste management solution for renovated apartment; and (xi) airline catering support services. The Group conducted its money lending business under the money lenders licences granted by the licensing court in Hong Kong and the PRC. Compared to the revenue of approximately HK$272.9 million for the year ended 30 June 2018, the Group’s revenue from the environmental and cleaning services in Hong Kong decreased by approximately HK$11.3 million to approximately HK$261.6 million for the year ended 30 June The following table sets forth the breakdown of our revenue by different sectors which reflect the target clients of our environmental and cleaning services in Hong Kong: 30 June 2019 30 June 2018 Most commercial contracts are for the provision of cleaning and related services at commercial buildings where customers traditionally demand a higher service quality and are also willing to pay a premium price. Almost all of the commercial contracts enable the Group to provide additional services for the tenants in the tenanted area of the buildings with contracts on a regular, ad-hoc or one-off basis which further enhance our revenue stream. The decrease in the revenue from the commercial sector was mainly due to expiry of several service contracts at early beginning of the year. Nevertheless, the Group succeeded in securing new significant service contracts in the commercial sector at late end the year which would have significant positive effect on the financial performance of the environmental and cleaning business in Hong Kong in the coming fiscal year. The Group has allocated more resources to gain services contracts from premium private housing estates and branded hotels. The increase in the revenue from the residential sector and the hospitality sector was mainly attributable to additional several service contracts secured during the year. The Group recorded a slight decrease in the revenue of the transportation sector due to reduction in the scope of services rendered to the existing customers of which the revenue was charged based on the amount of services we provided. During the year, the Group was providing hygiene and related services to several respectable transportation operators including a toilet cleaning contract at the airport of Hong Kong, a bus and bus depot cleaning and fuel refilling contract, as well as the provision of cabin dressing in which the Group provides the cleaning and restocking bathroom and seat amenities for one of the largest airline operators in Hong Kong. These contracts prove our Group’s portfolio in the transportation sector and our reputation and the ability to provide 24/7 around the clock environmental services. Most of the revenue from other sector is recurring and service price is reviewable on an annual basis. During the year ended 30 June 2019, the environmental and cleaning business in Hong Kong achieved a lower net profit of HK$11.2 million as compared to the net profit of HK$12.2 million for the year ended 30 June 2018. The decrease is mainly due to the expiry of several services contracts in the commercial and the residential sectors at the early beginning of this fiscal year and the increase in the direct manpower services costs after the upward adjustment of the Statutory Minimum Wage (the “SMW”) in Hong Kong in May 2019. Nevertheless, the Group has taken strategies including taking more proactive approach to gain additional market share, negotiating better terms for our contracts and implementing stringent costs control procedures, to tackle such challenging and difficult market conditions. In May 2019, the Group succeeded to obtain several new significant service contracts in the commercial sector which would have significant positive effect on the financial performance of the environmental and cleaning business in Hong Kong in the coming fiscal year. During the year ended 30 June 2019, the Shanghai Operations contributed revenue of approximately HK$30.8 million (2018: approximately HK$26.1 million) to the Group’s total revenue as several new service contracts were secured by the Shanghai operations. The Shanghai Operations also recorded a net profit of approximately HK$1.6 million (2018: approximately HK$1.3 million) for the year ended 30 June During the year ended 30 June 2018, the Group started commencing its environmental and cleaning services business in Shenzhen, the PRC (the “Shenzhen Operations”) which it contributed revenue of approximately HK$2.2 million and recorded a net loss of approximately HK$0.9 million. As the Shenzhen Operations was not performing as expected, the Group ceased the Shenzhen Operations and disposed of its entire interests at approximately HK$0.2 million on 31 May 2018. As at 30 June 2019, the Group granted several loans in the aggregate principal amount of approximately HK$122.5 million (2018: approximately HK$111.9 million) to independent third party borrowers with interest bearing at rates ranging form 10%–24% (2018: 10%–22%) per annum. The money lending business became one of the sources for the Group’s profit. The interest income and the net profit from the money lending business for the year ended 30 June 2019 amounted to approximately HK$23.7 million (2018: approximately HK$18.6 million) and approximately HK$11.0 million (2018: approximately HK$11.7 million) respectively. The increase in the interest income was mainly attributable the increase in the average loan balance granted to the customers by the Group during the year ended 30 June 2019. The decrease in the operating profit is mainly due to increase in the expenditures for the expansion of the management and operation teams of the money lending business during the year ended 30 June 2019. As disclosed in the Company’s announcement dated 5 June 2017, the Group started to develop the businesses of provision of financial regulated activities under the Securities and Futures Ordinance in Hong Kong and provision of forex brokerage services in New Zealand. The development of such businesses which incurred expenses of approximately HK$10.3 million during the year ended 30 June 2018 was ceased in December 2017 due to the unsatisfactory development progress, in particular the difficulties encountered on obtaining the relevant licences and/or approvals. In May, the Group was successful in renewing and securing a number of new significant environmental services contracts for iconic commercial complexes. We believe that these contracts shall be used as the backbone to support our Group’s business growth. As such, we have demonstrated our ability to provide large scale environmental and cleaning services, and we have also strengthen our reputation as one of the largest environmental services providers in Hong Kong. Labor market competition in Hong Kong has intensified with the upward adjustment of the SMW in May 2019. The Group is also facing higher labor turnover rate in the environmental services industry as more labor tend to work in other less laborious industries such as the security guard service industry under the same SMW rate. To offset the increase in labor costs, the Group is striving to transfer most of the increased labor costs to our customers and implement more efficient working flows and stringent cost control procedures. The Group is closely monitoring the labor turnover rate and regularly reviews our remuneration package in order to maintain sufficient labor force and cope with the changing environment. We would continue to enhance the quality of services by providing training to our front line staff. Looking forward, we would strengthen our marketing effort in hope to expand our market shares in the commercial, transportation and residential sectors and continue to consolidate our resources to focus on high value customers to bring in additional revenue by cross- selling other cleaning and waste management services to our existing customers. We believe this strategy may not only improve our revenue per customer but also increase our profit margin as we could leverage our existing manpower to perform services at location where we already have presence. We would explore other new environmental and cleaning services to expand our service scope to enable customers to use the Group as a onestop cleaning contractor. We would continue to streamline our operations in order to simplify and improve our operation efficiency. We believe that our success in serving different sectors will further build up the confidence for new clients to select our cleaning services in the coming future. Together with the extensive business network and operating experience possessed by the existing management of the Shanghai Operations, the additional capital injection made by the Group and the management and operating skills provided by our Group, the Shanghai Operations is expanding as expected. The Shanghai Operations has secured several new services contracts and achieved operating profit during the year, the Shanghai Operations will implement the same quality control and training program as the same in Hong Kong. It is expected that the quality of service provided by the Shanghai Operations will further be improved. The management of the Shanghai Operations has been refining its marketing strategies in order to attract more new customers to utilize our cleaning services in Shanghai, PRC. The Shanghai Operations is believed to be another major source of income and profit of the Group in the coming financial years. The global operating and economic environment is expected to be challenging and unstable due to the fierce international trading disputes as well as the downward pressure on the global economic growth. In view of the uncertain economic outlook, the Group will pursue opportunities and growth in a cautious manner with a high standard of risk and credit management which ensures that the existing loans portfolio and new loans granted by the Group are carefully assessed and controlled in accordance with the Group’s stringent credit policies. For the year ended 30 June 2019, the Group reported a total revenue of approximately HK$316.1 million (2018: approximately HK$319.9 million), representing an decrease of approximately 1.2% mainly due to net effect of (i) decrease in the revenue from the environmental and cleaning services business in Hong Kong by approximately HK$11.3 million to approximately HK$261.6 million for the year ended 30 June 2019 (2018: approximately HK$272.9 million) as a result of expiry of several services contracts for commercial complexes in Hong Kong at early beginning of the year; (ii) additional contribution of the revenue of approximately HK$4.7 million (2019: approximately HK$30.8 million; 2018: approximately HK$26.1 million) from the Shanghai Operations as several new service contracts were awarded during the year; and (iii) contribution of the additional interest income of approximately HK$5.1 million (2019: approximately HK$23.7 million; 2018: approximately HK$18.6 million) from the money lending business as the increase in the average loan balance granted to the customers by the Group during the year. Selling and Marketing Expenses, Administrative Expenses The Group’s selling and marketing expenses, administrative expenses and other losses decreased by approximately HK$18.7 million to approximately HK$26.4 million (2018: approximately HK$45.1 million) for the year ended 30 June 2019. The decrease was mainly due to the net effect of the below expenses and losses for the year: (i) decrease in the selling and marketing expenses and administrative expenses, including but not limited to staff costs, rental expenses, advertising and promotion expenses, travelling expenses and general office expenses of the Group’s headquarters and environmental and cleaning services in Hong Kong, as a result of the implementation of the tight costs control procedures in 2019; (ii) additional general selling and marketing expenses and administrative expenses incurred by the Shanghai Operations and the money lending business of which the businesses and operations were further expanded during the year; (iii) additional administrative, operating and development expenses of approximately HK$10.3 million incurred during the year ended 30 June 2018 for the development of the businesses of provision of financial regulated activities under the Securities and Futures Ordinance and provision of forex brokerage service in New Zealand (iv) additional administrative and operating expenses and loss on disposals with an aggregate amount of approximately HK$6.8 million incurred for the year ended 30 June 2018 for the Shenzhen Operations which was ceased during the year ended 30 June 2018. The finance costs of the Group for the year ended 30 June 2019 decrease by approximately HK$4.9 million to approximately HK$1.9 million (2018: approximately HK$6.8 million) was mainly due to the decrease in the interest expense of approximately HK$4.8 million on the convertible bonds which were issued in August 2017 and redeemed in August 2018. (i) (ii) (iii) Included in the Group’s loans receivables of approximately HK$122,480,000 as at 30 June 2019 is a loan with aggregate amount of approximately HK$29,000,000 granted to the below independent third party under the ordinary course of the Group’s money lending services which exceeds 8% of the assets ratio as defined under rule 19.07(1) of the GEM Listing Rules as at 30 June 2019. The details of such loan are disclosed under rule 17.22 of the GEM Listing Rules as below: Date of Name of Loan amount Outstanding principal amount of the loan as at 30 June 2019 Interest rate 8 November 2017, 8 November 2018 and 31 May 2019 Asian Champion Industrial Personal guarantees executed by the below independent third parties: Mr. Liao Libo, who owns 40% equity interest of Asian Mr. Cheung Wing Chuen, who owns 60% equity interest of Asian Champion Industrial Limited. Corporate guarantee executed by The Borrower shall pay interest accrued on the loan on a monthly basis and shall repay the total outstanding principal amount of the Loan together with any outstanding interest accrued thereon on 7 November 2022 The shares of the Company are listed on the GEM of the Stock Exchange. The Company’s share capital comprises only ordinary shares. On 11 April 2018, the Company announced its proposal to raise not less than HK$48.6 million before expenses by way of a rights issue by issuing 270,000,000 rights shares on the basis of one rights share for every one shares held by the qualifying shareholders at a subscription price of HK$0.18 per rights share (the “Rights Issue”). 173,024,800 rights shares are underwritten by Lamtex Securities Limited and Mr. Yu Shaoheng (“Mr. Yu”), the controlling shareholder of the Company under the GEM Listing Rules, the chief executive officer of the Company and the executive director of the Company, pursuant to the underwriting agreement dated 11 April 2018 (the “Underwriting Agreement”) entered into between the Company with each of Lamtex Securities Limited and Mr. Yu subject to the terms and conditions set out in the Underwriting Agreement. The Rights Issue was completed on 9 July 2018. The Rights Issue raised approximately HK$46.7 million after deduction of expenses by issuing 270,000,000 rights shares. The Company intends to apply the net proceeds from the Rights Issue as to (i) approximately HK$37,700,000 will be utilized for the Group’s existing businesses, in particular the money lending business; and (ii) approximately HK$9,400,000 will be utilized for potential investment opportunities as and when identified by the Group and/or for general working capital of the Group. Details and results of the Rights Issue are set out in the announcements of the Company dated 11 April 2018 and 5 July 2018, the circular of the Company dated 11 May 2018, the resolution set out in the notice of the extraordinary general meeting dated 11 May 2018 and the prospectus of the Company dated 12 June 2018. Pursuant to the subscription agreement and the supplemental extension letter dated 15 June 2017 and 16 August 2017 respectively, Wui Wo Enterprise Limited (the “Subscriber”) has conditionally agreed to subscribe for and the Company has conditionally agreed to issue the zero coupon convertible bonds in the principal amount of HK$50 million (the “Convertible Bonds”), which entitle the Subscriber to convert the Convertible Bonds into a maximum of 128,205,128 conversion shares at the conversion price of HK$0.39 per conversion share (as adjusted by the share consolidation completed on 26 July 2017 and the Rights Issue completed on 9 July 2018) during 1 year commencing from the date of the completion of the subscription of the Convertible Bonds (the “Subscription”). The principal amount of the Convertible Bonds of HK$50 million payable by the Subscriber is satisfied by cash. The Subscription was approved by the shareholders of the Company at the extraordinary general meeting of the Company held on 26 July 2017 and completion of the Subscription took place on 21 August 2017 (the “Issue Date”) with the net proceeds of approximately HK$49.2 million received. The Company intends to apply the net proceeds from the Convertible Bonds as to (i) as to approximately HK$5.0 million for the set up costs of the group companies engaging in the margin securities and forex brokerage business; (ii) as to approximately HK$11.0 million the deposits (the “Deposits”) to be maintained in the prime broker accounts to carry out the margin securities and forex brokerage businesses; (iii) as to approximately HK$25 million for the Deposits to finance a loan facility as disclosed in the Company’s announcement dated 8 November 2017; (iv) as to approximately HK$4.0 million for the development of the online trading platform for the margin securities and forex brokerage business; and (v) as to approximately HK$4.0 million for the general working capital of the Company, including but not limited to the remuneration of the management and the operating expenses of the group companies engaging in the margin securities and forex brokerage business. The net proceeds from the issuance of the convertible bonds on the Issue Date of HK$49.2 million had been split into the liability component and the equity component. As at the Issue Date, the fair value of the liability component is approximately HK$43.1 million and the equity component is approximately HK$6.1 million, net of the transaction cost of approximately HK$0.8 million being allocated proportionally to the liability component and the equity component. The fair value of the liability component was calculated using market interest rates for similar non-convertible bonds by an independent firm of professionally qualified valuer, Norton Appraisals Holdings Limited. The liability component is subsequently stated at amortised cost at the effective interest rate of 14.2% per annum until extinguished on conversion or maturity of the Convertible Bonds. The residual amount is assigned as the equity component and included in the shareholders’ equity heading “Convertible bonds equity reserve”. Norton Appraisals Holdings Limited No Convertible Bonds had been converted as at 30 June 2018 and up to 20 August 2018, being the maturity date of the Convertible Bonds. The Company fully redeemed the Convertible Bonds on 20 August 2018. During the year ended 30 June 2019, the Group had financed its operations and capital requirements through operating cash flows and net proceeds from equity financings. As at 30 June 2019, the Group had cash and cash equivalents of approximately HK$53.8 million (2018: approximately HK$117.5 million), representing a decrease of 54.2% from the year ended 30 June 2018. The decrease is mainly due to the net effect of (i) redemption of the Convertible Bonds by the Company on 20 August 2018; (ii) refund of the cash received in advance for excess subscription application of the Right Issues which was completed on 9 July 2018; (iii) additional loans granted to the customers under the Group’s money lending business; and (iv) net cash inflows from the Group’s operating activities. As at 30 June 2019, the Group’s total current assets and current liabilities were approximately HK$247.7 million (2018: HK$310.3 million) and HK$53.6 million (2018: HK$159.0 million) respectively, while the current ratio was approximately 4.62 times (2018: approximately 1.95 times) which remains healthy. As at 30 June 2019, the total debt of the Group were approximately HK$9.7 million (2018: approximately HK$59.1 million) which include obligations under finance leases of approximately HK$0.05 million (2018: approximately HK$0.6 million), unlisted corporate bond of approximately HK$9.7 million (2018: approximately HK$9.6 million) and the convertible bonds of approximately HK$Nil (2018: approximately HK$48.9 million). The gearing ratio of the Group (calculated by dividing total debt by total equity) as at 30 June 2019 was approximately 4.5%, as compared to 39.3% as at 30 June 2018. The significant decrease was mainly due to the redemption of the Convertible Bonds of approximately HK$48.9 million in August 2018 and repayment of the outstanding obligations under finance leases during the year. The Board is of the opinion that the Group is in a strong and healthy financial position and has sufficient resources to support its operations and meet its foreseeable capital expenditures and expansions. During the year, major portion of the Group’s operations are located mainly in Hong Kong with most of the Group’s transactions, assets and liabilities are denominated in Hong Kong Dollars. The Group is exposed to foreign currency risk due to the exchange rate fluctuation of RMB against HK$ arising from the our environmental and cleaning services business in the PRC, especially from the Shanghai Operations. The results of our operations in the PRC are translated from RMB into HK$ at the exchange rates approximating the rates ruling at the dates of the transactions while their financial items are translated from RMB into HK$ at the closing rate ruling at the end of the reporting period, the resulted exchange differences are recognised as other comprehensive income and accumulated separately in equity in the translation reserve of the Company and will be reclassified to profit or loss until the disposal of interests in such operations. Fluctuation of RMB against HK$ is moderate to the Group during the year. The Group will review and monitor its currency exposure from time to time, and when appropriate hedge its currency risk. The Group had 1,077 employees (2018: 1,233) as at the end of the Year. The Group’s remuneration practices are in line with the prevailing market practice and are determined on the basis of performance, qualification and experience of individual employee. The Group recognises the importance of a good relationship with the employees by providing competitive remuneration package to the employees including salaries, allowances, insurance, discretionary bonus, and training for human resources upskilling. Total staff costs and related expenses (including Directors’ remuneration) for the year ended 30 June 2019 decreased by approximately 9% over that for the same period in previous year. The increased was mainly due to the reduction in the average number of staff of the environmental and cleaning business in Hong Kong after expiry of several service contracts during the year. There were no significant investments held by the Group as at 30 June 2019 and 30 June 2018. PPS Success Limited, an indirectly wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, (the “Purchaser”) and Great Maker Limited, an independent third party, (the “Vendor”) entered into the provisional agreement and the formal sale and purchase agreement on 24 May 2019 and 31 May 2019 respectively, pursuant to which the Purchaser agreed to purchase and the Vendor agreed to sell the Office A, 12th Floor, Tower A, Capital Tower, No. 38 Wai Yip Street, Kowloon, Hong Kong (the “Property”) at a consideration of approximately HK$57.2 million (the “Property Acquisition”) which would be financed by a combination of (i) the internal resources of the Group and (ii) a bank mortgage financing. The Group is going to move its head office and the principal place of the interior renovation of Hong Kong to the Property after the completion of the Property. The Property Acquisition is considered by the Directors to be beneficial to the Group as it is expected to (i) provide more spacious area of self-owned office to cater for the Group’s future development and (ii) provide capital appreciation potential to the Group. The Property Acquisition was completed on 22 July 2019. Details of the Property Acquisition are set out in the announcements of the Company dated 24 May 2019 and 30 July 2019 and the circular of the Company dated 17 June 2019. For the year ended 30 June 2019, our capital expenditures mainly included additions in motor vehicles and plant and equipment amount to approximately HK$1.7 million (2018: approximately HK$4.5 million). These capital expenditures were funded by funds generated from our operating activities. As at 30 June 2019, the capital commitment of the Group amounted to approximately HK$45.8 million for the Property Acquisition which would be financed by a combination of (i) the internal resources of the Group and (ii) a bank mortgage financing. (i) As at the date of this annual report, all of the net proceeds of HK$49 million from the Subscription (the “Subscription Net Proceeds”) had been utilised and applied for those as set out below: Original Revised allocation (Note) Utilized Subscription Net Proceeds as at the date of this i. set up costs of the group companies engaging in the margin i. ii. deposits to be maintained in the prime broker accounts to carry (11.0) ii. iii. finance a loan facility as disclosed in the Company’s announcement dated 8 November 2017 iii. iv. development of the online trading platform for the margin (1.0) iv. v. general working capital of the Company, including but not limited to the remuneration of the management and the operating expenses of the group companies engaging in the margin (1.7) v. vi. redemption of the Convertible Bonds on 20 August 2018 vi. (i) Note: As disclosed in the Company’s announcement dated 5 June 2017, the Group started to develop the businesses of provision of financial regulated activities under the Securities and Futures Ordinance in Hong Kong and provision of forex brokerage services in New Zealand which were mainly financed by HK$24 million out of the Net Proceeds. However, the development of such businesses was ceased in December 2017 due to the unsatisfactory development progress, in particular the difficulties encountered on obtaining the relevant licences and/or approvals. On 20 August 2018, being the maturity date of the Convertible Bonds, the Board resolved to fully redeem the Convertible Bonds and allocate all unutilized Subscription Net Proceeds of HK$13.7 million for redemption of the Convertible Bonds. The Board (including the independent non-executive Directors) considers that the above change in the use of the Subscription Net Proceeds will facilitate more efficient use of the financial resources of the Company, strengthen the debt-to-equity ratio of the Group and is in the interests of the Company and its Shareholders as a whole. (ii) As at the date of this annual report, the net proceeds of HK$46.7 million from the Rights Issue (the “Rights Issue Net Proceeds”) had been utilised and applied for those as set out below. Original Utilized Rights Issue Net Proceeds as at the date of this i. utilization for the Group’s existing businesses, in particular the money lending i. ii. ii. (ii) As at 30 June 2019, the Group had obligations under finance leases of approximately HK$0.05 million (2018: approximately HK$0.6 million), of which approximately HK$0.05 million (2018: approximately HK$0.3 million) was repayable within one year. Such obligations under finance leases were secured by the relevant motor vehicles. As at 30 June 2019, the Group had bank deposits of approximately HK$14.9 million (2018: approximately HK$13.0 million) pledged to banks as security for due performance under environmental service contracts and banking facilities granted to the Group. Guarantees on performance bonds in The Group had bankers’ guarantees on performance bonds issued for due performance under several environmental service contracts. As at 30 June 2019, restricted bank deposits of approximately HK$14.9 million (2018: approximately HK$13.0 million) were pledged to banks as security for (i) bank facilities of approximately HK$14.8 million (2018: HK$12.9 million) granted to the Group; and (ii) bankers’ guarantees on performance bonds issued. The effective period of performance bond is based on the service period and the contract terms as specified in these environmental service contracts. The performance bonds may be claimed by customers if services rendered by the Group fail to meet the standards as specified in these environmental service contracts. During the year, the Group may from time to time be involved in litigations concerning personal injuries by its employees or third party claimants. In the opinion of the Directors, the Group had no any significant contingent liabilities arising from these litigations as all potential claims made by these employees and third party claimants are accounted for in the consolidated financial statements and covered by insurance protection. There were no significant acquisitions and disposals of subsidiaries made by the Group during the year ended 30 June 2019. 