China Ocean Industry Group Limited is engaged in the intelligent car-parking and automotive device business, shipbuilding business, manufacture and sales of steel structure engineering and installation business, trading business and finance leasing business. The Group has focused on the investments in the real economy with structural adjustment and asset revitalisation as its core works in recent years. The changes in the economic conditions of China initiated a new stage full of challenges and opportunities for the real economy, and also brought us new challenges. During the first half of 2019, the Group continued to adopt active initiatives in revitalising shipbuilding assets and promote cooperation with leading enterprises in order to take full advantage of its assets like land, plants and the shoreline of the Yangtze River. On the other hand, the Group made adjustments to its asset structure by ways including equity transfer and asset disposal. The Group has relied on promoting the communication with governments and financial institutions for alleviating pressures caused by overburdened indebtedness on the Company. Based on the new requirements introduced by the Central Government in relation to deleveraging and structural adjustments, the Group also adjusted certain strategies in attempt to seek a number of viable ways to reduce the debt burden on the Group. Generally speaking, in terms of asset revitalisation, structural adjustments and debt reduction, the Group will actively make use of the policies introduced by governments to enable the Group improve its asset and liability structure as soon as possible and lay a foundation for the development of new business by the Group. For the six months ended 30 June 2019 (the “Period”), the Group recorded external revenue of HK$38.78 million (2018: HK$85.79 million), representing a decrease as compared to the same period of last year, which was mainly due to the increases in the revenue of the shipbuilding business and intelligent car-parking and automotive device business. The debt issues of certain subsidiaries had deteriorated, causing impacts on other subsidiaries through guarantee chain and constituting adverse impacts on both financing and business. During the Period under review, the Group recorded a gross loss from its previous gross profit position. The gross loss amounted to HK$4.02 million (2018: gross profit of HK$11.94 million), which was mainly due to the loss of the shipbuilding business. The Group’s finance cost increased from HK$123.38 million to HK$248.32 million, mainly due to the interest incurred on prepayment of vessels and the increase in finance cost. During the Period under review, share of loss of joint ventures decreased from HK$249.92 million to nil, which was due to the provision for the impairment losses on the investments with risks by the Group in last year. Overall, for the six months ended 30 June 2019, the Group recorded a loss attributable to shareholders of HK$302.02 million (2018: HK$464.16 million), representing a decrease as compared to last year, mainly due to the recognized gain on the disposal of an associate and the significant decrease in share of loss of joint ventures, although there were also adverse impacts on results by factors such as the significant increase in finance costs. During the Period under review, the shipbuilding business recorded external revenue of HK$1.25 million (2018: HK$16.43 million), with loss of HK$214.47 million (2018: HK$52.61 million). The increase in loss was mainly attributable to the slowdown in shipbuilding business. The Group has postponed the disposal of six vessels. The disposal of four of them is still under the negotiations with financial intuitions, the remaining two vessels are under the negotiations with Shipping agencies and new ship owners. As the shipbuilding business is a priority for the Group’s restructuring, the Group will gradually change the business model and product structure of the shipbuilding business with the aim to reduce the loss of the shipbuilding business. In order to completely change the encumbrance of the shipbuilding business to the Group, the Group continued to promote cooperation with leading shipbuilding enterprises in the industry with a view to restructuring assets of Jiangzhou Shipbuilding. Meanwhile, the Group committed to expanding the logistic, storage and shipping business by leveraging on its location advantages and the shoreline of Yangtze River, and the relevant works are still ongoing. For the six months ended 30 June 2019, the intelligent-car parking and automotive device business recorded an external revenue of HK$15.85 million (2018: HK$46.54 million), a decrease of 65.94% over the previous year, which was affected by the litigation of related companies, and the Group will gear its business structure and equity structure in a timely manner to the different situations of its subsidiary companies, in order to better adapt to the changes in the market and mitigate the operating risks of the Group. For the six months ended 30 June 2019, the steel structures engineering and installation business recorded an external revenue of HK$21.68 million (2018: HK$22.82 million), remaining basically unchanged from the previous year. The steel structure engineering and installation business is a new major business developed by the Group in recent years, enjoying broad market and large business volume. However, due to the delayed settlement of amounts for contract work and adverse changes in financing environment, there is great pressure on business expansion. At the same time, as the Group’s steel structure engineering and installation business is adjacent to the main channel of the lower reaches of the Yangtze River, and there are plans to build a new bridge across the Yangtze River from the plant area, some unfavorable social factors occurred and thus affected the business and development of the Company to a certain extent. The Group tried to introduce local enterprises to restructure the business through disposal of part of its equity interests, but various reasons prompted the local court to accept the bankruptcy petition of Nantong Huakai. The Group will respond positively and consider this to be an opportunity to resolve business restructuring issues through the legal approach. The Group is still negotiating with cooperative enterprises in respect of the relevant issues on disposal of this business. For details, please refer to the disclosure of “DISPOSAL OF EQUITY INTEREST IN SUBSIDIARY” under the section headed “NEW BUSINESS, MATERIAL ACQUISITIONS AND DISPOSALS”. The finance leasing company established in Zhoushan with joint contribution by the Group and the government investment platform company is in stable operation. In order to improve the debt situation, the Group will dispose this business. For details, please refer to the disclosure of “DISPOSAL OF ASSOCIATED COMPANY” under the section headed “NEW BUSINESS, MATERIAL ACQUISITIONS AND DISPOSALS”. As disclosed in the section “Independent Auditor’s Report” (the “Auditor’s report”) of 2018 annual report, the Auditor do not express an opinion on the consolidated financial statements of the Group. Because of the significance of the matters described under the paragraph (a) to (j) headed “BASIC FOR DISCLAIMER OF OPINION” set out in pages 66 to 79 of 2018 annual report, the Auditors have not been able to obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence to provide a basis for an audit opinion on these consolidated financial statements. Such qualification are mainly the results of the issues surrounding the Six Vessels which have not been delivered to the Two Customers according to the schedule as set out in the respective shipbuilding contracts and the going concern of the Group. If the measure as stated in point (i) to (iv) under the section “THE BOARD’S PLAN TO ADDRESS THE DISCLAIMER OF OPINION” set out in pages 4 to 5 of the announcement dated 8 August 2019 could be successfully achieved, the qualified opinion in relation to the paragraph (a) to (d) headed “Basic for Disclaimer of Opinion” set out in pages 66 to 70 of 2018 annual report could be removed for the year ending 31 December 2019 or year ending 31 December 2020. If the measure as stated in point (2) to (3) set out in pages 3 to 5 of the announcement dated 29 May 2019 could be successfully achieved, the qualified opinion in relation to the paragraph (e) to (i) headed “BASIC FOR DISCLAIMER OF OPINION” set out in pages 71 to 77 of 2018 annual report could be removed for the year ending 31 December 2019. In respect of the Rescinded Vessel, the relevant PRC court has been processing the public auction of the Rescinded Vessel since March 2019 and has obtained a valuation on the Rescinded Vessel by a court-appointed valuer in about June 2019 for the purpose of setting the auction price. However, the creditor bank was of the view that the valuation had over-estimated the value of the Rescinded Vessel. As such, pursuant to the negotiation between the creditor bank and the Company in about July 2019, the court agreed to conduct the public auction based on the price agreed between the creditor bank and the Company. The public auction is expected to be completed by the end of November 2019. For Three of the Four Vessels, the Company is currently negotiating with two potential buyers who are interested in Three of the Four Vessels. One of the potential buyers of Three of the Four Vessels is the Yangzijiang Shipbuilding. Yangzijiang Shipbuilding has indicated that the concrete arrangement to bid for Three of the Four Vessels will not process until the completion of the disposal of the Rescinded Vessel. In additions, the Company is also proactively negotiating with another potential buyer who is interested in Three of the Four Vessels. Feasibilities of alternating Three of the Four Vessels to crane ship, bulk carrier or container ship are being examined. The Management will fight for the terms which is in the best interests of the Company and its shareholders as a whole. As it takes time for the examination and to finalise the details of the terms of framework agreement, optimistically, it is expected that a framework agreement can be reached by the end of December 2019. For the Two Vessels, the Company has in principal reached agreement on the terms of the formal agreements with the new ship owners which are the potential purchaser of the Two Vessels. The Company is still negotiating with the shipping agent regarding the guarantee to be provided by the shipping agent in favour of the bank that offers advance payment guarantee to the Company. Based on the latest status, the formal agreements are expected to be entered into by end of November 2019. The Management has spared no efforts in working out solutions for the Six Vessels during 2019. It is expected that before the end of financial year 2019, all the Four Vessels and the Two Vessels will be disposed of. Upon discussion with the Auditor, if legally-binding agreement will be entered into in relation to the disposal of the Four Vessels during the year ending 31 December 2019, the inventory would be stated at the lower of cost (including budgeted cost to complete the Four Vessels, if any) and net realizable values as at the year ending 31 December 2019. This audit qualification would be removed for the year ending 31 December For the six months ended 30 June 2019, the Group reported loss attributable to the owners of the Company of approximately HK$302,016,000 and had significant net cash used in operating activities for the year ended 30 June 2019. As of that date, the Group’s current liabilities exceeded its current assets by approximately HK$3,435,976,000 and the Group had net liabilities of approximately HK$2,454,127,000, in which total borrowings amounted to approximately HK$3,402,666,000, while its bank balances and cash amounted to approximately HK$7,356,000 only. The Auditor was uncertain of the ability of the Group to maintain adequate future cash flow and issue qualified opinion about the assumptions made by the Directors in preparing the consolidated financial statements on a going concern basis. In addition, the Group defaulted on the repayment of certain borrowings and payables on their respective due dates during the year ended 30 June 2019. The Management has taken certain operating and financing measures into consideration and formed the view that the consolidated financial statements should be prepared on a going concern basis. The Company has been taking positive steps to address the qualification in relation to going concern, including but not limited to: (a) the Company has in principal reached agreement on the terms of the formal agreements with the new ship owners which are the potential purchaser of the Two Vessels. The Company is still negotiating with the shipping agent regarding the guarantee to be provided by the shipping agent in favour of the bank that offers advance payment guarantee to the Company; (b) reference is made to the announcement dated 30 July 2019 and the circular dated 14 August 2019 in relation to the disposal of the Company’s 20% equity interest in Zhejiang Ocean at the consideration of RMB162,600,000 (approximately HK$181,315,000). On this basis, it is expected that completion of the registration of the change in shareholder of Zhejiang Ocean shall be completed by the end of September 2019; (c) reference is made to the supplemental Announcement dated 8 August 2019 in relation to, among other things, the establishment of Mining Co by Yangzijiang Shipbuilding, the Company, Jiangxi Shipbuilding and Wuxi Tianshi Education Goods Co., Ltd. , the Mining Co is expected to be established by the end of November 2019; (d) negotiate with its bank creditors with the help of Jiangxi Government, and with the support from government for the real economy and private enterprises as an opportunity, to extend the borrowings of the Group from short term to long term, which will reduce the net current outflow pressure of the Group and the current liabilities of the Group will be reduced, and the bank creditors promised that they won’t reduce the facility amount, won’t force to repay the loan and won’t take legal actions; (e) negotiate with certain suppliers and creditors to extend payment due date in (f) reference is made to the announcement dated 19 July 2019, having approached various potential investors, the Company has received support from more investors than originally expected, and in the end two subscribers have conditionally agreed to subscribe for convertible bonds in an aggregate principal amount of HK$110 million. The Audit Committee understands the uncertainties in relation to going concern and has discussed it with the Management. The Audit Committee shared the same view with the Management. Especially, deliberations were focused on the uncertainty and difficulty faced by the shipbuilding business. Notwithstanding this, the Audit Committee believed that the asset revitalization of Jiangxi Shipbuilding and the new business arising therefrom would enable to broaden the revenue stream of the Group and together with the Company’s continued effort in transforming its business. At the same time, the Audit Committee believed that efforts to reduce debts will release the loan pressure on the Company. The Audit Committee is of the view that the Group could address the going concern qualification. As at 30 June 2019, the Group had bank balances and cash (including pledged bank deposits and restricted cash) of approximately HK$7.59 million (31 December 2018: HK$12.27 million) of which HK$0.23 million (31 December 2018: HK$2.27 million) was pledged; short-term borrowings of HK$3,402.67 million (31 December 2018: HK$3,385.25 million); convertible bonds payable amounted to approximately HK$179.46 million (31 December 2018: HK$168.14 million) represented the carrying values of principal amount of HK$189.00 million (31 December 2018: HK$189.00 million). The gearing ratio defined as non-current liabilities and short-term borrowing divided by total shareholders’ equity was (1.41) at 30 June 2019 (31 December 2018: (1.59)). The Company did not conduct any fundraising through issue of shares/convertible securities during the six months ended 30 June 2019. However, the following convertible securities/right to subscribe for convertible securities remained outstanding during the six months ended 30 June 2019: On 6 December 2016, the Company and Macquarie Bank Limited (“Macquarie”) entered into a subscription agreement pursuant to which Macquarie has conditionally agreed to subscribe for, and the Company has conditionally agreed to issue, convertible notes in aggregate principal amount of up to HK$400 million, which is to be issued in 4 tranches with each trance in principal amount of HK$100 million and with interest rate at 2% per annum (“2016 Convertible Notes”). As at the date of this report, the first tranche of 2016 Convertible Notes has been redeemed by the Company in August 2017 and the remaining 3 tranches in aggregate principle amount of HK$300 million have yet to be issued by the Company. On 10 November 2017, the Company issued a 2-year convertible bond in principal amount of HK$189 million with 10% interest rate (“2017 Convertible Bonds”) to Pacific Ocean Marine Limited (“Pacific Ocean”) pursuant to the relevant subscription agreement dated 10 August 2017 (amended and supplemented on 10 October 2017). Upon full conversion of the 2017 Convertible Bonds at the initial conversion price of HK$0.07 per share, a total of 2,700,000,000 shares would be issued, representing approximately 16.53% of the total enlarged number of issued shares by the allotment and issue of conversion shares. As the date of this report, no conversion shares were issued under the 2017 Convertible Bonds. The net proceeds of HK$189 million from the issuance of the 2017 Convertible Bonds has been fully utilised as follows: HK$170 million was used for repayment of debts and HK$19 million was used for general working capital. The shareholders’ dilution impact in the event of the allotment and issue of Conversion Shares upon full conversion of the Convertible Bonds at the initial Conversion Price of HK$0.070 per Share are as follows: At the 30 June 2019 Convertible Bonds (Note 2) Lead Dragon Limited (Note 1) Forward Fund SPC-Double Total: Notes: Lead Dragon Limited is wholly-owned by Mr. Li Ming, the chairman and an executive Director. The shareholding structure set out in this column is shown for illustration purposes only. The Conversion Rights shall only be exercisable so long as not less than 25% of the then total number of issued Shares as enlarged by the issue of the Conversion Shares are being held in public hands and will not result in the relevant Bondholder, its associates and parties acting in concert with it will, in aggregate, control or be interested in 30% or more of the voting rights of the Company unless: (i) a whitewash waiver is obtained in accordance with the requirements of the Takeovers Code; or (ii) a general offer is made in accordance with the requirements of the Takeovers Code. As at 30 June 2019, HK$0.23 million (31 December 2018: HK$2.27 million) of deposits, HK$280.14 million (31 December 2018: HK$301.21 million) of property, plant and equipment and HK$206.17 million (31 December 2018: HK$208.17 million) of prepaid lease payments were pledged to banks or other parties to secure borrowings, bills payable and facilities granted to the Group. The pledge on the bank deposits will be released upon the settlement of relevant bills payables and borrowings. As at 30 June 2019, the Company pledged the entire equity interest of a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, Jiangxi Jiangzhou Union Shipbuilding Ltd., to secure an bank borrowing amounting to RMB107.41 million (31 December 2018: RMB107.41 million). The income and expenditure of the Group were denominated in Renminbi, Hong Kong Dollars and United States Dollars. As at 30 June 2019, the Group did not hedge its exposure to foreign exchange risk profile as the Group could not find a suitable instrument to manage this exposure. The Board will continue to consider the appropriate hedging measures. On 28 February 2019, Merge Limited (“Merge”), a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, and the China Medical Services Holdings Limited (“China Medical”) entered into a share purchase agreement (“Share Purchase Agreement”). Pursuant to the Share Purchase Agreement, Merge has conditionally agreed to sell and the China Medical has conditionally agreed to purchase the equity interest of Zhejiang Ocean Leasing Company Limited (“Zhejiang Ocean”) at a maximum Consideration of RMB170 million. The Company has been focusing on manufacturing business and has adopted diversification strategy in the past years. Committing to focus on its core businesses and promote efficient use of its resources, the Company will gradually divest of its non- core businesses while exploiting and strengthening its wharf construction and related logistics business, at the same time, maintaining focus on its manufacturing and service business, in order to generate more cashflow for the Company. On 30 May 2019, Merge and China Medical entered into the first supplemental agreement to the Share Purchase Agreement (“First Supplemental Agreement”) pursuant to which the parties thereto agreed to amend and supplement certain terms of the Share Purchase Agreement. On 30 July 2019, Merge and China Medical entered into the second supplemental agreement (the “Second Supplemental Agreement”) to the Share Purchase Agreement (as amended and supplemented by the First Supplemental Agreement) pursuant to which, among other things, the parties agreed that the Consideration shall be determined at RMB162,600,000, which shall represent the final amount of Consideration payable by China Medical to Merge. Details regarding the disposal are disclosed in the Company’s announcements dated 28 February 2019, 6 March 2019, 11 April 2019, 3 May 2019, 17 May 2019, 30 May 2019, 15 July 2019 and 8 August 2019 and Company’s circular dated 14 August On 24 May 2019, the Company received an enforcement order (“Enforcement Order”) dated 24 May 2019 issued by the People’s Court of Rugao City, Jiangsu Province (“Court”) pursuant to which the Court has ordered the Group to transfer its 24% equity interest in Nantong Xiangyu Ocean Equipment Company Limited (“Nantong Xiangyu”) in satisfaction of the outstanding sum owed to Rugao Fugang Construction Company Limited and Nantong Tongbao Shipbuilding Company Limited in the totaling amount of approximately RMB60,000,000. The change in shareholder in respect of the 24% equity interest in Nantong Xiangyu is registered to have taken place on 24 May 2019. Details regarding the forced transfer of equity interest in associated company are disclosed in the Company’s announcements dated 24 May 2019 and 8 August 2019. On 13 June 2019, China Ocean Industry (Shenzhen) Company Limited (“China Ocean Industry (Shenzhen)”), a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company, and Nan Tong Hua Chuan Jiao Tong Zhuang Bei Company Limited (“Hua Chuan”), an independent third party, entered into a disposal agreement (“Disposal Agreement”). Pursuant to the Disposal Agreement, China Ocean Industry (Shenzhen) agreed to sell and Hua Chuan agreed to purchase the equity interest of Nantong Huakai Heavy Industry Company Limited (“Nantong Huakai”), representing 60% of the equity interest of Nantong Huakai (“Sale Shares”), at a consideration of RMB20,000,000. The Company has been focusing on manufacturing business and has adopted diversification strategy in the past years. Committing to focus on its core businesses and promote efficient use of its resources, the Company will gradually divest of its non- core businesses while exploiting and strengthening its wharf construction and related logistics business, at the same time, maintaining focus on its manufacturing and service business, in order to generate more cashflow for the Company. Details regarding the disposal are disclosed in the Company’s announcements dated 13 June 2019, 12 July 2019 and 15 July 2019. Save as disclosed elsewhere under the section headed “MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS”, there was no new business, material acquisitions and disposals of subsidiaries and associated companies during the Period under review. On 23 November 2018, the Company, Yangzijiang Shipbuilding (Holdings) Ltd. (“Yangzijiang Shipbuilding”), Jiangxi Shipbuilding and Wuxi Tianshi Education Goods Co., Ltd. entered into the Investment Agreement pursuant to which the parties agreed to, among other things, establish a company in the PRC (“Mining Co”) and to reorganise the shipbuilding business and assets of Jiangxi Shipbuilding. On 23 November 2018, the Company entered into the following Cooperation Agreements: the First Cooperation Agreement with Shenzhen Sufa United Industry Co., Ltd. (“Shenzhen Sufa”), pursuant to which, among other things, Shenzhen Sufa irrevocably agreed to (either alone or with its designated nominee(s)) subscribe for not less than RMB50 million of the registered capital of Mining Co, representing 10% of the registered capital of the Second Cooperation Agreement with Beijing Zhongrun Tianxia Enterprise Management Center (“Beijing Zhongrun”), pursuant to which, among other things, Beijing Zhongrun irrevocably agreed to subscribe for RMB25 million of the registered capital of Mining Co, representing 5% of the registered capital of Mining Co, and agreed to provide the Loan in the amount of RMB250 million (“Loan”) to the Company. In view of the Investment Agreement and the Cooperation Agreements, the maximum capital contribution to the Mining Co by the Company shall be RMB75 million, which is expected to be satisfied by the Loan obtained from Beijing Zhongrun. As disclosed in the Company’s announcement dated 8 August 2019, the relevant parties agreed that Mining Co will be established when the mining right is about to be set up, which is expected to be in the end of November 2019. Details regarding the Investment are disclosed in the Company’s announcement dated 23 November 2018. On 4 April 2019, the Company and Qian Jin (“Qian Jin”), who is a PRC citizen and directly or indirectly interested in certain percentage of equity interests in the Shenzhen Shi Tongji Zhong Ji Shiye Limited (“Shenzhen Tongji”), entered into the MOU, pursuant to which the Company has conditionally agreed to purchase and Qian Jin has conditionally agreed to sell and procure other shareholders of the Shenzhen Tongji to sell part of or the entire equity interests of the Shenzhen Tongji. The possible acquisition is subject to, among others, further negotiation concerning the entering into of a formal agreement. As at the date of this report, the terms and conditions of the possible acquisition are still being negotiated and no legally binding agreement has been entered into. As such, the possible acquisition may or may not proceed. The possible acquisition, if materialized, will constitute a notifiable transaction for the Company, and further announcement(s) will be made by the Company in this regard when appropriate in accordance with the Listing Rules. Details regarding the possible acquisition are disclosed in the Company’s announcements dated 4 April 2019. Having considered the parties’ commercial considerations and arrangements, on 29 August 2019 the Company and Qian Jin entered into a termination agreement to terminate the MOU with immediate effect. Upon termination of the MOU, the Company and Qian Jin mutually discharge and release each other from further obligations under the MOU and their respective rights and/or claims against each other arising out of or in connection with the MOU are cancelled and terminated. Save as discussed elsewhere under the section headed “MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS”, the Group had no future plans for material investments as at the date of this report. The Company, however, will continue to seek investments in companies or projects that could bring synergy to the Group should the targets or opportunities arise. In addition, the Company may also invest in new business projects only if such investment is in favourable to the future development of the Group. Given the current uncertain market conditions, the Company may obtain funding for new projects through fund raising or loans while reserving the internal resources for its core businesses. The Group had around 310 employees as at 30 June 2019. It has been the Group’s policy to ensure that the pay levels of its employees are rewarded on a performance related basis within the general framework of the Group’s salary and bonus system. The Group has participated in a mandatory provident fund scheme for its employees in Hong Kong. Shares options may also be granted to eligible persons of the Group. As at 30 June 2019, the material pending litigations and contingent liabilities are set out as follows: (a) At 30 June 2019, the Group has not paid the social security fund for and on behalf of its employees which exposed the Group to the risk of being imposed the penalty by the relevant government authority. The social security fund accrued up to 30 June 2019 of approximately HK$59,101,000 (equivalent to RMB52,302,000) in aggregate, were recorded as “Trade and other payables” in the condensed consolidated statement of financial position (31 December 2018: HK$47,289,000 (equivalent to RMB41,482,000). A repayment agreement was signed between Jiangxi Jiangzhou Union Shipbuilding Co., Ltd (“Jiangxi Shipbuilding”) and the relevant government authority on 26 January 2015 in respect of the settlement of the unpaid social security fund. Per the agreement, all outstanding amounts should be repaid before December 2019. The Directors considered that if the Group could settle the unpaid social security fund according to the repayment agreement, no penalty would be imposed by the relevant government authority. (b) At 30 June 2019, the Group has not paid the housing provident fund contributions for and on behalf of its employees which expose the Group to the risk of being imposed the penalty by the relevant government authority. The housing provident fund contributions accrued up to 30 June 2019 of approximately RMB5,801,000 in aggregate, were recorded as “Trade and other payables” in the condensed consolidated statement of financial position (31 December 2018: RMB6,785,000). The Directors were of the opinion that the possibility to the risk of being imposed the penalty by the relevant government authority is remote. (c) On 3 December 2015, Merge Limited and other shareholders of Zhejiang Ocean Leasing Company Limited (“Zhejiang Ocean”) as counter guarantors (collectively referred to the “Counter Guarantors”) entered into a counter guarantee agreement with Zhoushan Marine Comprehensive Development and Investment Co., Ltd (the “Guarantor”), pursuant to which the Counter Guarantors shall, in proportion to their respective shareholding in Zhejiang Ocean and upon demand of the Guarantor, indemnify the Guarantor for all liabilities and expenses which may be incurred by the Guarantor under any guarantee given or to be given by the Guarantor in favour of Zhejiang Ocean during the period from 1 January 2015 to 31 December 2020 in respect of loan agreements and asset securitization agreements entered into by Zhejiang Ocean (the “Guarantee”), up to an aggregate amount of RMB900,000,000, together with any interests, penalty, compensation and related fees and expenses which may be payable by the Guarantor under the Guarantee. Accordingly, the maximum amount which Merge Limited shall indemnify the Guarantor is 20% of the aforesaid aggregate amount, being RMB180,000,000. (d) As disclosed in the Company’s circular dated 24 February 2017 (the “VSA Circular”), the financial guarantee of approximately HK$227,514,000 represent the back-to-back corporate guarantees provided by Nantong Huakai Heavy Industry Company Limited ,(“Nantong Huakai”), (which became the Company’s subsidiary on 11 April 2017 upon completion of the acquisition) in favour of Huatai Heavy Industry Limited in 2014 (the “Corporate Guarantee”)which remained outstanding as at 30 June 2019. The relevant information including the details of the relevant guarantee agreements are disclosed in the VSA Circular. Due to the failure of two ship owners to fulfill its payment obligation under the relevant shipbuilding contracts, Huatai Heavy Industry Limited had cancelled the relevant export and import cooperation agreements with the vessel agency companies. Pursuant to the terms of the export and import cooperation agreements and the civil mediation agreements, Huatai Heavy Industry Limited was liable to refund the prepaid amount received from the vessel agency companies. The vendors of Nantong Huakai undertake to use the consideration payable to indemnify Nantong Huakai for all losses and liabilities incurred by Nantong Huakai under the Corporate Guarantee. (e) The Company had recognised the provision in relation to the litigations of approximately RMB391,110,000 (2018: RMB439,110,000) under “Trade and other payables” and “other borrowings” in the condensed consolidated statement of financial position as at 30 June 2019. The management are of the opinion that it is not probable that these claims would result in an out flow of economic benefits exceeding the provisions made by the Group. Details are set out as follows: (i) In 2018, a business partner initiated legal proceedings at the Intermediate People’s Court of Nantong City against Nantong Huakai for funds. A decision has been issued against Nantong Huakai. At the end of the reporting period, the outstanding payable of the principal payment and the relevant interests accrued amounted to approximately RMB37,478,000 in aggregate. (ii) In 2018, a business partner initiated legal proceedings at the People’s Court of Chongchuan District against Nantong Huakai for funds. A decision has been issued against Nantong Huakai. At the end of the reporting period, the outstanding payable of the principal payment and the relevant interests accrued of approximately RMB8,400,000 in aggregate. (iii) In 2018, a partner filed litigation to the Intermediate People’s Court of Shenyang City against Nantong Huakai for funds. A decision has been issued against Nantong Huakai. At the end of the reporting period, the outstanding payable of the principal payment and the relevant interests accrued of approximately RMB5,000,000 in aggregate. (iv) In 2018, a bankruptcy administrator initiated legal proceedings at the Intermediate People’s Court of Zhoushan City against Jiangxi Shipbuilding and China Ocean Shipbuilding Holdings Limited, a subsidiary of the Company, for bankruptcy revocation, involving litigation amounts of approximately RMB257,611,000. At the end of the reporting period, the action has not yet proceeded to the trial stage. (v) In 2018, a shipbuilding administrator initiated legal proceedings at the Intermediate People’s Court of Zhoushan City against Jiangxi Shipbuilding and Jiujiang Jinhu Equipment Manufacturing Company Limited for bankruptcy revocation, involving litigation amounts of approximately RMB63,930,000. At the end of the reporting period, the action has not yet proceeded to the trial stage. (vi) In 2018, a business partner of Jiangxi Shipbuilding legal proceedings at the People’s Court of Ruichang City against Jiangxi Shipbuilding for funds, involving litigation amounts of approximately RMB12,000,000. At the end of the reporting period, the action has not yet proceeded to the trial stage. (vii) In 2018, a contractor initiated legal proceedings at Wuhan Marine Court against Jiangxi Shipbuilding for the failure to make payment for service fees, involving a total amount of approximately RMB6,691,000. At the end of the reporting period, the action has not yet proceeded to the trial stage. Other than disclosed above, the Directors are of the opinion that the Group has no other material contingent liabilities at 30 June 2019. Contracted for but not provided in the condensed consolidated financial statement: Capital expenditure in respect of the acquisition of Details regarding the the change of address of Hong Kong Branch Share Registrar and Transfer Office are disclosed in the Company’s announcements dated 3 July 2019. On 19 July 2019, Nantong Huakai Heavy Industries Limited Company (“Nantong Huakai”), a subsidiary of the Company, received a judgment (“Judgment”) dated 17 July 2019 from the People’s Court (the “Court”) of Rugao City, Jiangsu Province, the People’s Republic of China (“PRC”), details of which are disclosed in the Company’s announcements dated 19 July 2019. On 19 July 2019, the Company and each of the Subscribers entered into the Subscription Agreements, pursuant to which the Company conditionally agreed to issue, and the Subscribers conditionally agreed to subscribe for, the Convertible Bonds with an aggregate principal amount of HK$110,000,000 due 3 years from the date of issue of the Convertible Bonds at the Conversion Price of HK$0.64 per Conversion Share upon the Capital Reorganisation becoming effective. Completion of the Subscription under the Subscription Agreements is subject to the conditions set out in the paragraph headed “Conditions Precedent” of the announcement. Detailed terms of the Convertible Bonds are set out in the paragraph headed “Terms and conditions of the Convertible Bonds” of the announcement. The Board proposes to implement the Capital Reorganisation which will involve the Capital Reduction and the Share Consolidation, details of which are set out in the announcement. Details regarding the subscription of convertible bonds under specific mandate and proposed Capital Reorganisation are disclosed in the Company’s announcements dated 19 July 2019. On 2 August 2019, the Company received a petition (the “Petition”) from Titan Petrochemicals Group Limited (the “Petitioner”) in the matter of the Companies (Winding Up and Miscellaneous Provision) Ordinance (Chapter 32, Laws of Hong Kong) filed in the High Court of The Hong Kong Special Administrative Region (the “High Court”) on the ground that the Company was failure to settle a sum of HK$10,659,201.10, being the outstanding amount owed by the Company to the Petitioner. The Company has negotiated with the Petitioner for a settlement and an amicable disposal of the matter under the Petition, and endeavored to agree on a joint application to dismiss the Petition. The Company has received a letter from the Petitioner, pursuant to which the Petitioner will show no objection in case of the application by the Company for a validation order in way of consent summons in order to eliminate the uncertainties arising from the Petition, which are associated with the transfer of the Shares, the subscription of the Convertible Bonds and any issuance of Conversion Shares thereafter. Details regarding the Petition are disclosed in the Company’s announcements dated 5 August 2019 and 28 August 2019. Save as discussed elsewhere under the section headed “MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS”, the Group had no other material events after the reporting period as at the date of this report. The improvement of the external environment of the real economy in the PRC will bring new opportunities to the Group’s businesses. The Group will strive for a substantial breakthrough in the business integration of Jiangzhou Shipbuilding in 2019 by effectively integrating resources such as docks, coastlines and land. Through combining the expansion of related businesses with the needs of local governments to invite investment, the Group will continue to seek various cooperation opportunities in respect of logistics in Yangtze River, new energy storage and transportation and green building materials, etc.. The current economic environment and various measures adopted by governments have provided favorable conditions for the Group’s debt restructuring. The Group will communicate closely with the government and financial institutions in various ways for actively creating conditions to reduce the Group’s indebtedness. In conclusion, although there are problems and difficulties in the development of the real economy, the state is intensifying its support for real economy and private enterprises, and the overall policy will be beneficial to the development of the real economy. The Group will seize the opportunity, through the introduction of new partners, stronger communications and coordination with the governments and financial institutions and reorganization of debts, to expand sources for operating funds. Based on effective integration of existing resources, we will expand its business base in order to enhance its sustainable business capability. 