According to national statistics, the gross domestic product amounted to RMB45,093.3 billion in the first half of 2019, representing an increase of 6.3% comparing with the same period last year. The National Bureau of Statistics stated that, in the first half of 2019, the national economy performed within a reasonable range, and sustained the momentum of progress in overall stability. The economic conditions are still severe both at home and abroad, the global economic growth is slowing down, the external instabilities and uncertainties are increasing, the unbalanced and inadequate development at home is still acute, and the economy is under new downward pressure. At the next stage, the government should take the Xi Jinping Thought on Socialism with Chinese Characteristics for a New Era as the guideline, fully implement the decisions and arrangements made by the CPC Central Committee and the State Council, adhere to the general working guideline of making progress while maintaining stability, focus on the supply-side structural reform, stick to the high-quality development, deepen reform and opening up, improve the business environment, strengthen innovation capacity in key areas, keep all parties fully motivated, and intensify efforts on policy implementation in stablising areas like employment, financial sector, foreign trade, foreign investment, domestic investment and market expectation, so as to boost the stable and healthy economic development. In the first half of 2019, the investment in real estate development nationwide amounted to RMB6,160.9 billion, representing a year-on-year increase of 10.9%. The investment in residential properties amounted to RMB4,516.7 billion, representing a year-on-year increase of 15.8%. Investment in residential properties accounted for 73.3% of the investment in real estate development. In the first half of 2019, the construction area of real estate developers reached 7,722.92 million square metres, representing a year-on-year increase of 8.8%. The residential construction area was 5,382.84 million square metres, representing a year-on-year increase of 10.3%. The area of new construction was 1,055.09 million square metres, representing a year-on-year increase of 10.1%. The area of new residential construction was 779.98 million square metres, representing a year-on-year increase of 10.5%. The area of completed construction was 324.26 million square metres, representing a year-on-year decrease of 12.7%, of which the area of completed residential construction was 229.29 million square metres, representing a year-on-year decrease of 11.7%. Hopson Development Holdings Limited Interim Report 2019 THE FIRST HALF OF 2019 (Continued) In the first half of 2019, the sales of the area of commercial residential buildings reached 757.86 million square metres, representing a year-on- year decrease of 1.8%. The sales of the residential area, the office area and properties for commercial use decreased by 1.0%, 10.0% and 12.3% respectively as compared to the same period of the previous year. The sales of commercial residential buildings amounted to RMB7,069.8 billion, representing a year-on-year increase of 5.6%, of which the sales of residential properties increased by 8.4%, offices decreased by 12.5% and properties for commercial use decreased by 10.0% as compared to the same period of the previous year. In response to the regulatory policies of the Central Committee of the Communist Party of China and the State Council on the real estate market, the Group focused on rationalising its business in view of the government policies so as to forge ahead to the sales targets while meeting the requirements under the regulatory policies of various local governments. Besides, the Group further enhanced its overall product quality and services on the basis of cost control in order to expand the brand influence of Hopson Development. Along with the clear positioning of “housing is for living in, not for speculation” and “the realisation of real estate long-term management mechanism”, the differentiated management and long-term mechanism establishment in the real estate industry will continue to be implemented. The stable and healthy development of the industry and the market will be the main trend for the future. The Group will continue to leverage its competitive edges as usual. Through its diversified portfolio comprising residential properties, commercial properties, property management and infrastructure segments, the Group will focus on its core assets, make innovations in business development, promote diversified strategies and enhance the quality of products and additional value. The Group will also actively promote the application of scientific and technological innovation in various businesses of the Group, actively explore new models for commercial retail, property and residential sectors, aiming to improve its core competitiveness and enhance its brand value. Under the premise of realising national macro-economic growth amidst stability, the Group will rationally analyse and judge the new development trend of the real estate industry and adhere to the strategic principle of “following the guidance of the State’s policies and making reference to the market trend in light of the actual circumstances to achieve progress amidst stability”. Under the premise of adherence to its strategic targets, the Group will proactively and prudently adjust and optimise its operating strategies, further improve its internal management and control system, make innovation in its operation model, continue to improve product and service quality and enhance its core competitiveness, thus realising the long-term development of the Group. While anchoring its business presence in the three core economic zones in Pearl River Delta, Yangtze River Delta and Huanbohai Area, the Group will continue to make in-depth development in the real estate markets of first-tier cities and actively explore cities with prime locations and promising real estate markets with excellent development potential, thereby forming a layout for the reasonable development of first-tier cities and peripheral markets. Adhering to the principles of product diversification and balanced business development as well as the positioning as an urban integrated operator, the Group has established four business sectors, namely residential properties, commercial properties, property management and infrastructure. With respect to the residential property sector, the Group has established a relatively complete industrial chain. The Group’s residential property strategy is to generate higher investment return from sales of high-end products and to speed up cash collection from sales of products with rigid demand. The Group’s commercial property strategy adheres to develop prime and large-scale projects in key locations of first-tier cities to generate long- term and stable rental income and gain from property appreciation. The development in commercial property will also enhance brand awareness. Currently, for the commercial property sector, the Group has invested in a number of large-scale projects, including large-scale urban complexes, office buildings and hotels. Hopson Development Holdings Limited Interim Report 2019 Product Structure (Continued) Under the property management sector, Esteem Property Management ( ) under the Group is one of the leading property management service providers in China, and ranked top 20 in property management. Esteem Property offers high quality and high standard property services for its customers through its star rating services. At the same time, in addition to provision of traditional property management services, Esteem Property offers various value-added services, including living services, property agency and asset management etc., aiming to enhance customer satisfactory at different aspects. As at 30th June 2019, GFA under management of Esteem Property Management increased by 0.3% to approximately 28.67 million sq. m. from approximately 28.59 million sq. m. as at the end of last year. Under the infrastructure sector, at present, the construction companies and construction design companies under the Group are primarily engaged in undertaking the construction works and construction design of self-owned projects of the Group, as well as external contracted works. The development in infrastructure investment segment always strives to the principle of maintaining balance between progress and quality, targeting on improving efficiency and making progress at a steady pace. We have enhanced our construction schedule planning management and construction progress management, and implemented strict inspection procedures so as to ensure quality construction works and timely delivery. We have also strengthened the level of construction safety, which will be beneficial to the general image of the Group. The Group insists on developing high-quality and people-oriented products. Along with its efforts in developing a diversified product structure, the Group persists in implementing strict control on product quality, actively adapting to market changes and targeting customer needs through its scientific management system and well-established inspection and acceptance system with a view to providing first-class products and services to its customers and the market. Driven by an active and flexible land investment strategy, the Group will increase its land bank appropriately in a timely manner only after conducting stringent scientific assessments and considering changes in policies and markets. The Group will actively develop its abundant land resources and further optimise its product structure through the development on land bank so as to maximise the value of land resources. Meanwhile, the Group will also closely monitor the land market to seek quality land resources with reference to its actual conditions and market situation. Under the principle of maintaining a reasonable asset scale and prudent risk management, the Group insists on investing in land resources with promising prospects in the first-tier cities and peripheral markets in Yangtze River Delta, Pearl River Delta, and Huanbohai Area to further enrich its land bank structure. The Group strives to continuously improve the construction of its system informatisation to facilitate administrative process simplification and operation efficiency enhancement, thus promoting the Group towards standardisation, systemisation and informatisation management. Currently, the Group has established a management system focusing on operation and management goals, which has supported the formulation of business decisions. Meanwhile, the Group has implemented flexible and effective incentive policies to respond to changes in the overall market environment, thus to effectively conduct investment and operation management. In the in-depth adjustment phase of the real estate industry, the Group will make prudent assessment and fully seize the opportunities arising from the in-depth structural adjustment of the real estate market to explore more market opportunities for its development by taking policy and market change factors into overall consideration and based on its actual conditions. In addition, the Group will continue to improve its management and control system and optimise its internal management mechanism. Through rationalising its management system, the Group will enhance efficiency from management. Facing the potential policy changes and market fluctuations, the Group will enhance its responsiveness and risk tolerance to ensure its financial soundness and protection to the interests of investors. In addition, the Group will keep conducting scientific analysis to consolidate its investment structure while maintaining its continuous and in-depth investment in commercial properties and industrial real estate so as to maximise its interests. Hopson Development Holdings Limited Interim Report 2019 The Group mainly focuses on the deployment in economically developed zones in the Pearl River Delta, Yangtze River Delta and Huanbohai Area. While stepping up its development efforts in first-tier cities, namely Guangzhou, Shanghai and Beijing, the Group also actively extends its business towards the surrounding prosperous cities. In the first half of 2019, the Group achieved contracted sales amount of approximately RMB10,369 million and contracted sales area of approximately 786,182 square metres, representing an increase of 66.3% and 61.6% year-on- year, respectively. Among which, the Group achieved contracted sales amount of approximately RMB3,628 million and contracted sales area of approximately 138,062 square metres in first tier cities, accounting for approximately 35.0% and 17.6% of the total contracted sales amount and total contracted sales area respectively, fully reflecting the Group’s strategic deployment in first-tier core cities in the three core economic zones. In 2019, the “brand upgrade year” of the Group, our incessant brand establishment activities served as rewards to customers and consumers. Aiming at seeking constant innovations, we also improved product operation in terms of site selection standard, product planning, refined construction and decoration, spatial design and others, achieved quality ancillary operation in terms of garden aesthetics, club and life supporting facilities, and enhanced property services in terms of security, housekeeping service, smart community and others. In order to meet the demand from owners for improved housing, the Group established four major product lines, namely “High-end Properties, Classy Residential Properties, Quality Large-scale Projects, and Urban Bay Properties”, in the residential property development segment. While deploying industry diversification, the Group put the objective of “enjoying high-quality lifestyle” into practice, constantly improved the property management services in communities, and strove to develop the high-end lifestyle brand MAHÁ to become a premium lifestyle service provider and supplier, thus increasing the value of asset operation. HALF OF 2019 (Continued) Located in the embassy zone in the East Third Ring Road, Beijing, the project has top luxury apartments in the urban core. Overlooking the 2.89-million-square-metre Chaoyang Park, the project comprises nine high-end well-furnished residential buildings and provides units with an area of 450 or 520 square metres. The project has a private garden in the community, top clubhouses and a premium international kindergarten, and is in proximity to the major business districts including Yansha and Solana Lifestyle Shopping Park as well as the high-end ancillary facilities in the embassy zone. After the introduction of the high-end lifestyle brand MAHÁ as the premium lifestyle service provider of the project by the Group, the project continues to receive overwhelming response and attention in the market. In the first half of 2019, the project achieved remarkable contracted sales amount of approximately RMB416 million. Hopson International City (Hopson Royal City) The project has a total GFA of approximately 470,000 square metres, a plot ratio of 3.5 and a green coverage ratio of 35%. The project has an urban commercial complex, which is equipped with amenities such as restaurants, hotels and commercial streets. The adjacent community has numerous facilities such as supermarkets, restaurants, banks, schools and hospitals. The project is selling units comprising four rooms with an area of 187 square metres and units comprising four rooms with an area of 202 square metres. In the first half of 2019, the project realised contracted sales amount of approximately RMB360 million. Located in the core region of Sheshan National Tourist Resort in Songjiang, Hopson Guangfuhui is straight opposite to Guangfulin Cultural Park, the birthplace of Shanghai culture, and is surrounded by Sheshan, Shanghai Chenshan Botanical Garden and Cherry Blossom Garden, forming a 5-minute health resort with “one hill and three parks”. A neighbour of Songjiang University Town, Hopson Guangfuhui has strong cultural atmosphere as it is surrounded by seven key universities. The project has a total GFA of approximately 140,000 square metres with a plot ratio of 0.8, and its green space ratio is as high as 35%. It is the first pure Chinese-style low-density villa district by the Group. The project is selling townhouses with an area of 380 square metres. In the first half of 2019, the project realised contracted sales amount of approximately RMB324 million. Hopson Development Holdings Limited Interim Report 2019 HALF OF 2019 (Continued) Located in the core region of New District, Jinshan, Shanghai, Hopson Asset Seascape Residence has a total GFA of approximately 300,000 square metres. The project comprises high-rise products. Every unit is of practicality, safety and flexibility all rolled into one. The project layout is set in an upright position with good lighting and ventilation. Its green space ratio is as high as 35%. With the beautiful environment and comprehensive amenities in the community, Hopson Asset Seascape Residence is a benchmarking product in Jinshan, Shanghai. In the first half of 2019, the project realised contracted sales amount of approximately RMB495 million. The project is in proximity to the wetland recreation area and business district in Hangzhou Bay New District, Ningbo. The whole project integrates the European architecture with natural environment to create a stylish living space. The project is recently selling townhouses with an area of 290 to 312 square metres, apartment products comprising two to three rooms with an area of 91 to 107 square metres, and house products comprising two to three rooms with an area of 90 to 127 square metres. In the first half of 2019, the project realised contracted sales amount of approximately RMB2,710 million. Located in the core region of Gang District, Taicang City, Hopson Sea Block has a site area of approximately 100,000 square metres and a gross floor area of approximately 300,000 square metres. With its comprehensive surrounding transportation, educational, commercial, medical, and ecological facilities, the project is integrated into the “half- an-hour life circle” in regions around Shanghai. Built in a park-like setting, the project contains high-rise and villa products and it is equipped with circular jogging tracks, outdoor living rooms, neighbourhood exchange areas, accessible designs, and sports fields for all-aged populations, constituting a health community for all-aged residents. The project is selling three high-rise residential products, namely two-room units with an area of 90 square metres, three-room units with an area of 112 square metres and four-room units with an area of 144 square metres. In the first half of 2019, the project realised contracted sales amount of approximately RMB536 million. HALF OF 2019 (Continued) Aside the landmark Canton Tower, Hopson Regal Riviera is located at the interchange of the axis of new town centres in Guangzhou and Pearl River with convenient transport and comprehensive ancillary facilities. The new consulate zone, Chigang Pagoda Park as well as the three museums and one square in Guangzhou are located southwest to the project. The east side of the project is connected to the Pazhou E-commerce Headquarters. In its north side, Zhujiang New Town is across the river. Surrounded by water on three fronts and enclosed by three major parks, the project possesses quality education resources including Regal Riviera Bilingual Kindergarten and Haizhu District No. 2 Experimental Primary School. The project is selling riverside mansion in slab block with an area of 188 square metres and two flats sharing two elevators on each floor. The mansion faces a river with a garden at its back. The project realised contracted sales amount of approximately RMB337 million in the first half of 2019. Hopson Belvedere Bay (Foshan) Hopson Belvedere Bay is the chief riverside property in the west of Guangzhou City that Hopson Development dedicates itself to its construction. It is also the first leading property under Hopson’s strategy for the west of Guangzhou. Located in Great Jinshazhou District at the junction of Guangzhou and Foshan in Guangdong-Hong Kong-Macao Greater Bay Area, the project is in proximity to the exit of Shachong in Jinshazhou. Southerly connecting with Nanhai Business Circle, northwesterly nearing waters, and easterly connecting with Jinshazhou District, the project connects seamlessly with various districts of Guangzhou. Reaching Guangzhou and various districts in Foshan in 15 minutes and 30 minutes respectively, the project is given exclusive privilege to enjoy the prosperity of the two cities, Guangzhou and Foshan. The product being sold under the project is Phase IV of new products comprising two to four rooms with an area of 88 to 174 square metres. In the first half of 2019, the project realised contracted sales amount of approximately RMB790 million. Hopson Development Holdings Limited Interim Report 2019 HALF OF 2019 (Continued) Located in Xintang Town, East Guangzhou, Hopson Hushan Guoji Villa is situated in the centre of Guangzhou, Huangpu and Zengcheng Economic Triangle Zone. Maintaining the original sloping landscape with an infusion of modern mountainous architecture, the project is a comfortable community built on a sloping wooded mountain. The community comprises public secondary and primary schools as well as kindergartens, providing quality education for children. The community is also surrounded by business centres, commercial streets, banks, dining, hotels and other ancillary facilities. The project mainly sold units comprising three rooms with an area of 120 to 122 square metres in the first half of 2019, and a contracted sales amount of approximately RMB1,039 million was realised. Hopson International New City (Huizhou) In proximity to 3rd Ring Road East in Huicheng District, Huizhou City, Hopson International New City is the largest high-quality project in Shuikuo, Huicheng District, and has a site area of approximately 640,000 square metres. Hopson Experimental School, which Hopson Development donated RMB50 million for its building, opened in September 2015. In the first half of 2019, positioning itself as a renowned educational project and leveraging the market reputation earned from 10- year matured large-scale properties and the regular owners’ resources, the project was actively selling units comprising three to four rooms with an area of 112 to 169 square metres, achieving contracted sales amount of approximately RMB758 million. Located in the centre of Aotou, Daya Bay, and surrounded by mountains on three fronts and sea on a front with front-line resources of mountains, forests, lakes, seas and islands, Binhai City project is a large comprehensive liveable green residential property with complete supporting facilities and planning. Focusing on townhouses and high-rise seaview houses, the units under the project planning cover townhouses with a gross floor area of approximately 268 to 273 square metres and two-to-three-room seaview houses with a gross floor area of approximately 83 to 131 square metres. In the first half of 2019, the project developed a variety of channels to expand client base in other regions under the favourable policies of the Development Plan for Guangdong-Hong Kong-Macao Greater Bay Area, achieving contracted sales amount of approximately RMB504 million. HALF OF 2019 (Continued) With the scenic view of Jinzhong Lake Park, Hopson Xijing Garden is located in natural ecological environment with supreme enjoyment. Ancillary facilities, such as hospitals and schools, can be found within a radius of two kilometres. By facing south, the project is able to have its every unit facing south so as to have great daylighting from the south and north. The project enjoys very convenient transportation as it is only 200 metres away from the main road, Yong’an Road, which connects to the South Outer Ring Expressway. Recently, the project focuses on selling units comprising three rooms, a living room, a dining room and a bathroom with an area of 95 square metres, units comprising three rooms, a living room, a dining room and two bathrooms with an area of 112 square metres and units comprising four rooms, a living room, a dining room and two bathrooms with an area of 126 square metres. In the first half of 2019, the project realised contracted sales amount of approximately RMB551 million. In the first half of 2019, by virtue of its ample and quality land bank and with product innovation, model innovation, service innovation and cultural innovation as its development and operation concept, the Group developed and operated investment properties such as urban complexes, shopping malls, office buildings, industrial parks and hotels in prime locations in first-tier cities. For the period, the commercial segment recorded income of approximately RMB1,315 million and EBITDA of approximately RMB817 million, recording a year-on-year increase of 29% in income. In particular, Beijing Chaoyang Hopson One and Hopson One Shanghai Wujiaochang, as representatives of high-end urban complexes, Guangzhou Haizhu Hopson Plaza, as a representative of shopping malls, the Guangzhou Yuexiu Hopson Zhujiang International Tower, as a representative of A-grade office buildings, and the Beijing Integrated Creative Campus in Majuqiao, Beijing, as a representative of international intelligent industrial parks, recorded income of approximately RMB1,006 million in aggregate, accounting for 76.53% of the total income from commercial segment. Accompanying with the hotel business represented by Hyatt Regency Shanghai, Wujiaochang, and the high-end catering business represented by Longting, the commercial resources complement and reinforce each other to complete the business strategic layout set by the Board. Hopson Development Holdings Limited Interim Report 2019 Located at the CBD East Zone in Beijing, the project is seamlessly connected to Metro Line 7 and 14. It is also at the interchange of Guangqu Road and West Dawang Road, the two transport arteries designated in the new policy. Being surrounded by numerous bus stops, the level B1 (Lower Level 1) of the project will become the public transport hub of the CBD East Zone in Beijing, with close connection to more than 30 bus routes. The project is located at a prime location, connecting to the entire east side of Beijing by transportation. Hopson One Beijing Chaoyang has a GFA of 190,000 square metres, and a 5A-Grade commercial office building, more than 2,500 parking spaces. The project has a 4,000-sq.m. glass dome with natural light flow, and has also applied a new model of PM2.5 air filtration system. With its innovative, diversified and stylish business portfolio, as well as facilities such as the multi-functional car showroom, the thematic commercial street, the children wonderland and a convention and exhibition center of approximately 3,500 square metres, the project is contributing to the living, creativity, entertainment and social aspects of residents within a radius of 10 kilometres, representing a caliber customer group of nearly 2,000,000, thus comprehensively improving the daily life functions of the CBD East Zone in Beijing. Apple Store、 blt、 Hopson One Beijing Chaoyang Complex (Continued) The project is a Grade A double storey office building which has a total GFA of approximately 110,000 square metres. The project is a large multi-function urban complex crafted by the Group with enormous efforts in order to build a CBD diversified business centre integrating office, social, fashion, entertainment and family functions. The project provides round-the-clock butler-style property management and double-storey office space, so as to provide tenants with smart and creative experience. Thanks to the exceptional and large commercial auxiliary facilities of Hopson One, the occupancy rate of the project has reached above 70% during the first half of 2019. Tenants of the project include Caissa International, Zhenghe Kaiyuan and Yangge Medical Beauty. Located at Wujiaochang business district, which is one of the four major sub-centers of Shanghai, the project was designed by CallisonRTKL, a sizable and prominent architecture firm in the United States. As one of the three largest commercial complexes in Shanghai, the project has a total GFA of approximately 360,000 square metres, encompassing a large mid-to-high end shopping mall of approximately 140,000 square metres, a 180-metre-tall 5A-Grade office tower of 33 storeys and the only five-star hotel operated and managed by a transnational group, Hyatt Regency International Management Group, in the district. By incorporating internationally advanced concepts, harboring the essence of various operations and clustering fashionable Chinese and foreign brands, Hopson One is a modern, large and prime commercial complex. Hopson One brings together entry-level luxury, fashionable brands, including Apple Store, which is the first Apple direct-sale store in northern Shanghai; blt, which is a well-known boutique supermarket; and OCE, a Nordic designer brand making its initial foray into Shanghai. Hopson One evolved into an excellent physical platform from a commercial real estate project, bringing culture, creativity and aesthetics into daily life. The project re-weaves the social network and offers people a way of life beyond shopping, which enables customers to explore the world and broaden their horizons as they enjoy life, and experience cultural and creative trends and lifestyles with good taste. Hopson Development Holdings Limited Interim Report 2019 Hopson One Shanghai Wujiaochang Complex (Continued) The office tower has a total GFA of approximately 60,000 square metres, as a masterpiece of the Group’s commercial property sector. The project is located at the core region of Wujiaochang business district, which is one of top ten business centres as well as one of the four major sub- centers of Shanghai. It is a modern and high-quality large-scale comprehensive commercial real estate project consisting of a five-star hotel, a large high-end shopping, leisure and entertainment centre and a Grade A office tower. The unit rental price of the project is 30% higher than other surrounding office buildings. The average rental price of the surrounding office buildings increased after the project entered the market, redefining the regional nature of North Shanghai. Tenant brands of the project include New Oriental, Philip Morris, Jinri Toutiao, Everbright Financial Holding and Palm Town. The hotel has 306 rooms. The hotel guests may enjoy the spectacular city view and immerse in the unique scenery of Wujiaochang through the floor-to-ceiling windows of each room for a relaxing and comfortable trip. The hotel has Chinese and Western restaurants and banquet halls. The conference hall with complete functions is equipped with wireless internet and convenient communication facilities to meet the various needs of private parties or large business events. Located at the interchange of Guangzhou South Avenue and Diejing Road in Haizhu District, Guangzhou, Guangzhou Haizhu Hopson Plaza is situated at a prime location with high accessibility, opposite to the Haizhu District Government and adjacent to the Textile City business district. The project has a total GFA of approximately 240,000 square metres, encompassing a shopping center of approximately 140,000 square metres and an apartment-style office building of approximately 100,000 square metres. Guangzhou Haizhu Hopson Plaza is the largest shopping mall in the east Haizhu District of Guangzhou. It is characterised by a rich and diversified business portfolio as well as a full range of Chinese and foreign fashionable brands, including Lumière Pavilions Cinema, the first high- end artistic IMAX cinema in Guangzhou; and MaxValu, the largest Japanese supermarket food brand which is entering the market of east Haizhu for the first time. In its tireless efforts to enhance the living standard of east Haizhu residents, the project strives to build a quality living area by providing a classy and comfortable shopping environment, intelligent interaction experience and over 2,000 parking spaces. Hopson Development Holdings Limited Interim Report 2019 Beijing Wangjing Hopson Xintiandi (Beijing Hopson Kylin Xintiandi) Located at Wangjing Fu’an West Road of Chaoyang District, Beijing, the project has a total area of nearly 50,000 square metres. The three levels above ground and first underground level are designed for principal activities, while the second underground level serves as a parking lot and spare room for auxiliary facilities. The building is surrounded by a highly commercial and cultural environment. As an exemplar of Hopson Commercial’s first neighborhood commercial center, the project follows Hopson Commercial’s philosophy on comprehensive amenities and is positioned as a brand new commercial platform where people can create a better life and have a good time. In the past two years, Beijing Wangjing Hopson Xintiandi has become a “brand incubator” for urban caterers, and many entrepreneurs have managed to turn their shops into hugely sought-after Internet Popular Shops. Following Hopson One Beijing Chaoyang, the second 21st BLOCK in Beijing(Note) will make its debut on Level B1(Lower Level 1) of the project by the end of 2019. Upgrading the positioning of the project into Beijing Wangjing Hopson Xintiandi under Hopson Plazas, this brand new theme living block not only represents the increasing focus and filtering that Beijing Wangjing Hopson Xintiandi is placing on its core customer base, but also establishes the project as a leader with respect to the lifestyle of emerging communities. Note: Block refers to streets area. “21st BLOCK Creative Street Area” is Beijing’s first largest theme Internet Popular Streets Area. It aims at providing the consumers with the best place to pursue high-quality life and bringing them a new one-stop shopping experience. There are functional creative streets area that cater to the consumption characteristics of each and every age group, bringing family catering, domestic and international fashion brands, and a large number of ingenious crafts together, to cater to the trend of young consumers to pursue fashion trends, pay attention to emotional communication of the family, and improve the time efficiency of white-collar workers, thus bringing consumers into a higher level shopping experience. The project is located in the North Bund and at the interchange of two main roads, Dalian Road and Zhoujiazui Road in Hongkou District, opposite to Hongkou District Government. With a total GFA of approximately 54,000 square metres, the building resembles a large sailing boat, comprising two commercial buildings in the north and south and an additional building. The third to sixteenth floors are offices and the first and second floors are street-level shops. Sitting on a prime location in the North Bund, the project enjoys a diversified business cluster network which amasses industries such as high-end finance, banking, maritime, shipping and trade, as well as various institutions. It has become a prominent hub for related industries as well as upstream and downstream enterprises in the area. In the first half of 2019, China CITIC Bank, Jiyida Logistics and other well- known international enterprises were introduced as tenants. The occupancy rate rose steadily. Other well-known tenants include Bank of Shanghai, Feiliks International Logistics, Koenig & Bauer Printing Machinery, China Life Insurance, Bank of East Asia, Ping An Bank and others. In the second half of the year, a series of enhancement plans will be implemented to renovate the toilets and elevators in the buildings, so as to further enhance the quality of the project. Locating at the prime position in Hangzhou, the project has Zhejiang University, an incubator of elites and talents of humanities, at its north, the Lingyin scenic spot at its south, the Xixi Wetland, which is a national wetland park, at its west, and the Zhejiang University National Science Park and Huanglong business district at its east. The project comprises and is enclosed by seven separate buildings, with a total GFA of approximately 90,000 square metres. Having insight into the market demand, the Group entered the Hangzhou market with a “garden style” office concept, leading the new development of international ecological offices in Hangzhou. The project has large lawns and central courtyards which form a multi-green system and shelter the offices under a pleasant shade of greenery. The project conducted industrial structure optimisation and upgrade. Buildings 1, 2 and 8 introduced boutique hotels of different classification with exclusive auxiliary facilities; Building 5 attracted TC Medical, a listed medical company, as a tenant; Buildings 3, 6 and 7 introduced a variety of Internet and cultural and creative enterprises supported by the technology industry of Zhejiang University. The tenants of the project include Guangzhou Mulianzhuang Hotel Management, Hangzhou Tairentang Biotechnology, Yueqing Fengzhiling Health Technology, Botaniera (Hangzhou) Health Technology, Zhejiang Jolly Pharmaceutical, Hangzhou TC Dental Hospital Management, Zhejiang Yaoxin Certified Public Accountants and others. Hopson Development Holdings Limited Interim Report 2019 Ideally located at the core area of the eastern central business district, the project is at the southeast of the interchange of Dawang Road and Liangguang Road in the central business district, where Jiulongshan Station, the interchange station of Metro Line 7 and Line 14, is situated. The project has a total GFA of approximately 24,000 square metres, with 11 levels above ground, and 2 underground levels. Formerly a luxury hotel, the project transformed into a multi-functional office building encompassing high-end offices with catering, recreational and entertainment functions. The project comes with a variety of high- end business auxiliary facilities, such as gym, restaurant, clubhouse, yoga studio and banquet hall. The project is ideally located at the core area of the eastern central business district. Adjacent to the business cluster at the China World Trade Center and the China Central Place, the project enjoys convenient transportation and a strong business atmosphere. The project records a stable occupancy rate of at least 90% all year round. Tenants include Pearl River Life Insurance, Beijing Zhujiang Real Estate, Huaxi Securities, Aixin Life Insurance and others. Northwest to the interchange of Deshengmen Outer Street and Xinkang Road, the project is a 5A-Grade office building of international standard, with a total GFA of approximately 60,000 square metres. Being adjacent to Deshengmen, facing Zhongguancun in the North, neighboring Financial Street in the West, and adjoining a headquarters base of state- owned enterprises in the East, the project enjoys high accessibility amid an amicable business atmosphere. The project favours from the policy support of two major business districts, namely Zhongguancun Desheng Science and Technology Park and Financial Street, which is conducive to the establishment and growth of companies. Significant resources are poured into building co-working space, sleep centre, café, book café, canteen, restaurant and other business auxiliary facilities. It was rated as an advanced enterprise in environmental contribution and safety production in Desheng District in 2015 and 2016. Tenants include CCCG Real Estate, Huarong Rongtong, ICBC, CCB, Guotai Junan Securities, China Global Philanthropy Institute and others. The project is ideally located at the administration centre of the provincial, municipal and district governments, and is surrounded by a cultural landscape consisting of the Yuexiu Park, Dr. Sun Yat-sen’s Memorial Hall and Yuexiu Mountain. The project is situated at the heart of two core areas, namely the A-grade business district at Dongfeng Road and the business district at Beijing Road, and surrounded by crisscrossing streets including Zhongshan Road, Dongfeng Road and Jiefang Road. The project is a 175m-tall 5A-Grade office tower and has a total GFA of approximately 100,000 square metres, with 45 levels above ground and 4 underground levels. For many years in a row, the project has been awarded honorary titles such as “Top Ten Commercial Buildings”, “4-Star Commercial Building”, “5-Star Commercial Building”, “First Prize of Contribution to Hunaghuagang Science and Technology Park”, “Headquarters of Commercial Financial Services” and “Billion-dollar Commercial Building” in Yuexiu District. The project exclusively enjoys supporting policies in relation to specific government subsidies, as well as government incentives for investment agents and start-ups, attracting renowned enterprises from, among others, the cultural and creative industry, the information service industry, and the healthcare industry. Tenants include Guangzhou Sodexo Management Services, American Fujun International, Infinitus, Servier (Tianjin) Pharmaceutical, Guangzhou Education City Investment, Quintiles Enterprise Management (Shanghai), Firmenich Aromatics, the Development and Reform Commission of Guangzhou, Shanghai M&G COLIPU Office Supplies, CITIC Prudential Company Limited and others. Hopson Development Holdings Limited Interim Report 2019 Located at Changgang Mid Road, Haizhu District, Guangzhou, the project is a property above Changgang Station in Metro Line 2 and Line 8 and is situated in the traditional commercial centre in Haizhu District — Jiangnan West CBD. The project is the first self-developed and self- operated community shopping mall of the Group in Guangzhou. It has a total GFA of approximately 23,000 square metres with three storeys above the ground and three storeys underground. Enjoying the support from the three major business circles, namely Pazhou Island Convention and Exhibition Center, Zhongda Textile Commercial Zone and Western Jiangnan Traditional Business Center, the project offers a place with prosperous business, mature supporting facilities and convenient amenities all rolled into one. With meticulous operations, the project introduces famous brands such as HEYTEA, Starbucks, EF Education First, New Oriental, Burger King and Saizeriya, developing ancillary commercial facilities that are exclusive to Haizhu Changgang District in order to satisfy families and residents’ needs for daily consumption amenities. Integrated Creative Campus is located at Zhongguancun Jinqiao Industry Base, which is 1.5 km away from No. 1 Bridge, Majuqiao, Sixth Ring South. The project has a total GFA of approximately 620,000 square metres. The project rolled out specific planning for the campus layout named “One Area, One Base and One Business District” as a vital and intelligent industrial business district, which comprises three regions, namely the “Little Giant” enterprise cluster, the “Growth” enterprise cluster, and the “Leading Enterprises” headquarters base. Beijing Integrated Creative Campus (Continued) On 30th June 2019, Hopson Good Housekeeper Intelligence Service Platform was officially debuted at Integrated Creative Campus as the first demonstration campus. “Hopson Good Housekeeper” consists of management system of marketing and operation, enterprise service system and public service system. Through technologies including mobile Internet, Internet of Things, cloud computing and big data, the platform provides tenants and their employees with 360-degree comprehensive online and offline interactive experience-based integrated services of corporate and business services in terms of administration, enterprises, industry, commerce, finances, taxes, laws, food, housing, travelling, tourism and entertainment, and gradually cultivates an ecological interaction environment between every entrepreneur and employee, between employees, between every corporate employee, between corporate product and product, and between corporate marketing and marketing in the campus. Integrated Creative Campus entered into a strategic cooperation agreement with the Management Committee of Tianjin Jingbin Industry Park to provide a dual park integration policy platform for the tenants and enjoy the best policy support in both Beijing and Tianjin. The project has become a key demonstration project in the Beijing-Tianjin-Hebei integrated demonstration zone. It formed partnerships with a number of venture capital institutions such as Beida Chuangke Headquarters, Leifeng Capital and Longguan Technology. The campus formed an investment incubation environment for high-quality venture capital. In the second half of the year, projects to be launched by the Group will either be at prime locations in first-tier cities and core second-tier cities, with comprehensive ancillary facilities, or near the countryside endowing with rich natural scenic beauty. Carrying on the Group’s high-quality standard and diversified product offerings, our newly-developed projects have already got the attention and recognition of the customers in target markets. The Group expects that through continuously building up positive brand influence and implementing effective marketing strategies, the Group will achieve remarkable sales results. Hopson Development Holdings Limited Interim Report 2019 THE SECOND HALF OF 2019 (Continued) In the second half of the year, with reference to market changes, the Group will accelerate the supply of new products, take proactive and flexible sales and pricing strategies and make good use of the existing sales personnel with extensive experience in order to improve the sales of new projects and strive to attain sales targets of the Group. At the same time, the Group will actively conduct research on the local customers and market demand for new projects while investing more in products that meet the mainstream needs in the market, striving to create stable sales cash flow for the Group. At the same time, after the adjustment of product positioning in the past two years, the Group will launch more products targeting rigid demand and improvement needs that meet the mainstream needs in the market in the second half of 2019. These products comprise those which were popular design in the market and those which are newly developed by the Group after conducting customer and market research. For the second half of 2019, in respect of Northern China, Hopson Belvedere Bay in Binhai New Area, Tianjin will bring new commercial and residential products, including two-room apartments with an area of 90 square metres and one-room apartments with an area of 60 square metres in Plot F1, to the market; Jingjin New Town, Baodi District, Tianjin will launch a new phase of high-rise apartment products, including one- room apartments with an area of 48 square metres, two-room apartments with an area of 76 square metres, and three-room apartments with an area of 99 square metres; Regal Seashore in Lüshunkou District, Dalian will introduce two-room residential products with an area of 77 square metres and three-room residential products with an area of 99 square metres; Hopson International City in Xiaodian District, Taiyuan City, Shanxi will launch two-to-four-room residential products with an area of 80 to 160 square metres in the northern district; Guan Tang Regal Project in Caofeidian, Tangshan will further introduce two-to-three-room residential products with an area of 77 to 107 square metres, and Hopson No. 8 Royal Park, a high-end project located at Chaoyang District, Beijing will also provide luxury apartments with an area of 450 square metres. THE SECOND HALF OF 2019 (Continued) In Eastern China, Hopson Guangfuhui in Sheshan will further launch villa products with an area of 380 square metres; Hopson International Garden in Kunshan will introduce Phase IV and V of apartment products with an area of 90 to 140 square metres; Hopson Sea Block in Taicang will bring townhouses with an area of 380 square metres to the market, while The Town of Hangzhou Bay in Cixi will also introduce high-rise residential products with an area of 91 to 107 square metres (two rooms) and 125 to 141 square metres (three rooms). In Southern China, Hopson Hushan Guoji Villa will launch new three-to- four-room apartments with an area of 119 to 132 square metres. Hopson Xijing Garden will commence selling Phase II of high-rise residential products with an area of 95 to 125 square metres. Phase IV of high-rise riverside residential products with an area of 140 to 180 square metres will be made available under Hopson Belvedere Bay. Hopson International New City (Huizhou) will bring Phase VII of new high-rise residential products, including two-room apartments with an area of 83 square metres, three-small-room apartments with an area of 92 square metres, three-room apartments with an area of 120 square metres, three-room apartments with an area of 131 square metres, four-room apartments with an area of 144 square metres, and four-room apartments with an area of 169 square metres to the market. Hopson Yujing Bay will introduce Phase V of house products with an area of 130 to 160 square metres. 