The board (the “Board”) of directors (the “Directors”) of Sinomax Group Limited (the “Company”) is pleased to announce the unaudited condensed consolidated interim results of the Company and its subsidiaries (collectively, the “Group”) for the six months ended 30 June 2019 (the “Period”). Revenue for the Period decreased by approximately HK$559.0 million or approximately 27.4% to approximately HK$1,479.9 million, as compared to approximately HK$2,038.9 million for the corresponding period last year. Sales to China market recorded a decrease of approximately 24.87% for the Period, as compared to the corresponding period last year. The North American market was very dynamic during the Period and we experienced some delay in our projects with certain customers in the United States of America (“US”). We started to diversify our customer base by developing business relationships with more new customers in the US and the Directors consider that it may take some time for us to develop and approve the products with these new customers. Sales in the North American market decreased by approximately 31.55% for the Period as compared to the corresponding period last year. In Europe and other overseas markets, we recorded a decrease of sales in this region of approximately 19.90% for the Period, as compared to the corresponding period last year. With a decrease of approximately 27.4% in the Group’s revenue, gross profit (the “GP”) increased by approximately HK$17.7 million or approximately 5.1% to approximately HK$365.0 million during the Period as compared to approximately HK$347.3 million for the corresponding period last year. The GP margin increased by approximately 7.7% from approximately 17.0% to approximately 24.7% as compared to the corresponding period last year. The major reasons of the increase in the GP margin during the Period were: the significant decrease in the purchase price of a key raw material of polyurethane foam, namely, toluene diisocyanate (“TDI”) for the Period, as factory rent of approximately HK$20.3 million was recorded as cost of goods sold in the corresponding period last year. Due to the adoption of HKFRS 16, we recorded approximately HK$16.5 million as depreciation of right-of-use assets in cost of goods sold during the Period. Selling and distribution costs for the Period increased by approximately HK$7.1 million or approximately 3.7% to approximately HK$197.2 million, as compared to approximately HK$190.1 million for the six months ended 30 June 2018. The increase was mainly due to the increase in depreciation of right-of-use assets as the Group adopted HKFRS 16. Administrative expenses for the Period decreased by approximately HK$5.0 million or approximately 4.9% to approximately HK$97.2 million, as compared to approximately HK$102.2 million for the six months ended 30 June 2018. The decrease was mainly due to the reduction in staff costs as the number of headcount decreased. Other expenses, mainly consisted of research and development expenses, decreased by approximately HK$1.8 million or approximately 5.8% from approximately HK$32.9 million for the six months ended 30 June 2018 to approximately HK$31.1 million for the Period. Finance costs for the Period increased by approximately HK$5.2 million or approximately 27.7% to approximately HK$24.0 million, as compared to approximately HK$18.8 million for the six months ended 30 June 2018. The increase was mainly due to interest expenses on lease liability of approximately HK$5.0 million as the Group adopted HKFRS 16. As a result of the increase in the GP and decreases in costs and expenses as mentioned above, profit for the Period increased by approximately HK$1.5 million or approximately 16.5% to approximately HK$10.6 million, as compared to approximately HK$9.1 million for the six months ended 30 June 2018. The financial position of the Group was healthy as at 30 June 2019. As at 30 June 2019, the Group had net current assets of approximately HK$288.0 million, as compared to approximately HK$531.1 million as at 31 December 2018. Net cash from operating activities amounted to approximately HK$235.3 million for the Period, as compared to approximately HK$5.6 million for the corresponding period last year. Bank balances and cash as at 30 June 2019 increased by approximately HK$63.4 million or approximately 27.0% to approximately HK$297.8 million as compared to approximately HK$234.4 million as at 31 December 2018, meanwhile the inventory level as at 30 June 2019 increased by approximately HK$69.5 million or approximately 13.1% to approximately HK$600.6 million as compared to approximately HK$531.1 million as at 31 December 2018 in order to cope with the increasing demand of several large customers in the coming months. As at 30 June 2019, the Group had banking facilities amounting to approximately HK$1,952.2 million of which approximately HK$823.6 million was utilized (31 December 2018: banking facilities amounting to approximately HK$2,156.5 million of which approximately HK$959.9 million was utilized) (which included unsecured bank borrowings and bills payables). The Group’s capital expenditure for the Period amounted to approximately HK$33.0 million mainly for the purchasing of the Group’s plant and machinery (for the year ended 31 December 2018: approximately HK$46.0 million) Current ratio (1) Quick ratio (2) Gearing ratio (3) Debt to equity ratio (4) Notes: Current ratio is equal to current assets divided by current liabilities. Quick ratio is equal to current assets less inventories and divided by current liabilities. Gearing ratio is derived by dividing interest-bearing debt incurred in the ordinary course of business by total equity. Debt to equity ratio is calculated by dividing net debt by total equity. Net debt is defined to include all borrowings net of cash and cash equivalents. The Group carries on business mainly in Hong Kong, the People’s Republic of China (“the PRC”) and the US. The Group is exposed to foreign exchange risk principally in Renminbi which can be largely offset by its revenue and expenditure in the PRC. The Group does not expect any appreciation or depreciation of the Hong Kong Dollar against Renminbi which could materially affect the Group’s results of operations, and therefore no hedging instrument has been employed. The Group will closely monitor the trends of various foreign currencies and take appropriate measures to deal with the foreign exchange exposure if necessary. The Group has a treasury policy that aims at better controlling its treasury operations and lowering borrowing cost. Such treasury policy requires the Group to maintain an adequate level of cash and cash equivalents, and sufficient available banking facilities to finance the Group’s daily operations and to address short term funding needs. The Group reviews and evaluates its treasury policy from time to time to ensure its adequacy and effectiveness. 2019 is a very challenging year. There is a general slowdown in the economy around the world. We also faced uncertainties over US-Canada trade war and the antidumping investigation initiated in the mattress industry in the US for the mattresses imported from China. All these events will inevitably affect our normal business growth adversely. The Group has set up production facilities in Vietnam and trial production has started in the second quarter of 2019. The facilities are gradually approved by our various customers for producing their products in Vietnam. With factories located in China, the US and Vietnam, we would be able to supply globally and to serve customers with various needs with the flexibility in our production and logistics schedules to minimize the overall costs (including production, tariff and transportation). Octaspring 、 SPA Supreme ZEO- We will continue to diversify our customer base and to deploy more resources on e-commerce and direct to customers sales. In the China market, the Group offers a wide range of health and household products under its flagship brand “SINOMAX”. The Group will further enhance brand management through various marketing activities to reinforce brand recognition and enhance the image of health, relaxation and comfort of the “SINOMAX” brand. Sales under the brands “Octaspring”, “SPA Supreme” and “ZEO-SLEEP” increased steadily during the Period. The Group will continue to promote its brands and products to corporate customers so as to attract more corporate sales. The Group will continue to upgrade the machinery so as to improve production efficiency and increase the competitiveness of the Group. Save as disclosed in the section headed “Prospects” above, the Group does not have other plans for material investments or capital assets. Neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries purchased, sold or redeemed any of the Company’s listed securities during the Period. The Board does not recommend the payment of any interim dividend for the Period (for the six months ended 30 June 2018: Nil). As at 30 June 2019, the employee headcount of the Group was 3,297 (30 June 2018: 3,408) and the total staff costs, including Directors’ remuneration and share option expenses, amounted to approximately HK$218.3 million for the Period (for the six months ended 30 June 2018: approximately HK$219.6 million). The decrease in staff costs was primarily due to the decrease in headcount. The Group offers competitive remuneration packages commensurate with industry practice and provides various fringe benefits to employees including housing and travel allowances depending on their grade and ranking within the Group. The Group also maintains medical insurance for the benefit of its employees. The Group conducts induction training for all of its new employees and on-going training from time to time during their employment. The nature of training offered depends on their specific field of operation. The Group also operates an employee incentive scheme pursuant to which rewards take the form of promotions, salary raises and monetary bonuses, and a share option scheme. 