In the first half of 2019, our business maintained a rapid growth and achieved a revenue of HK$1,196.9 million and a net profit of HK$452.4 million, representing a year-on-year increase of 15.0% and 13.3%, respectively. For the six months ended 30 June 2019, the Group’s return on average net assets and return on average assets was 13.0% and 3.1%, respectively. For the six months ended 30 June 2019, our profit from operations was HK$490.0 million, representing an increase of 54.6% over the corresponding period last year. The rapid growth of profit from operations reflected the strong development of the Group’s leasing and loan business. In the first half of 2019, we entered into six leasing contracts, completed eight leasing contracts, and had 71 on-going leasing contracts. Among these 71 on-going leasing contracts, 57 were leasing contracts with a term of over one year, which were of an average remaining lease term of approximately 7.89 years and a contract value of HK$32.34 billion. As at 30 June 2019, our vessel fleet size reached 101, of which 71 were operating and 30 were under construction. As at 30 June 2019, the average age of our assets was 1.99 years. In the first half of 2019, the Company’s assets were in good operating condition, the utilization rate of vessel assets was 100%, and the overall rental receipt rate was 97.3%. Trade is mainly affected by factors such as global economic growth rate and population growth, and seaborne shipping supports most of the global trade. According to the statistics of the United Nations Conference on Trade and Development, seaborne trade accounted for 90% of the global trade in terms of weight. According to Clarksons Research Services Limited (“Clarksons”), a professional consulting firm in the maritime industry, it is expected that the global seaborne trade volume will increase by 2.5% year-on-year in 2019, and the growth of global trade has provided a sound foundation for the development of the shipping industry. According to Clarksons, the growth rate of global vessel fleet capacity was 1.9% in the first half of 2019, which is lower than the average value since the financial crisis. In the first half of 2019, the total number of new orders around the world was 360, totaling 24.93 million deadweight tons and 10.26 million compensated gross tons. In terms of the compensated gross tons, the annual gross tons fell 39% year-on-year, representing a decrease of 49% than the average level since the financial crisis. The global ship leasing business is in the early stage of rapid development and will maintain a rapid growth for a relatively long period in the future. The Group believes that the reduction in the supply of new shipping capacity will be beneficial to the recovery of the shipping industry. The balance between the supply and the demand in the shipping industry is gradually recovering, which is likely to bring more opportunities to the Group. For offshore clean energy sector, the strong demand for energy such as liquefied natural gas (“LNG”) and liquefied petroleum gas (“LPG”) in East Asia, especially in China, promotes the rapid increase in the volume of international clean energy maritime trade, and drives the rate of LNG and LPG vessels significantly. The Group will respond to changes in the global clean energy layout and, apart from the three major vessel types of bulk carriers, container vessels and tankers, expand our investment in equipment for clean energy, in particular those relating to natural gas. Established in June 2012 in Hong Kong, we are the first shipyard-affiliated leasing company in Greater China and one of the world’s leading ship leasing companies. Our core business is the provision of leasing services, which include finance lease and operating lease. Our leasing services primarily focus on ship leasing. We also provide shipbroking and loan services to our customers. In the first half of 2019, the Company implemented the following actions in response to the abovementioned industry environment: In view of the high cyclicality of the maritime industry, the Group has been adhering to the principles of countercyclical investments of high-quality assets, investing in assets with promising prospects in various market segments of the maritime industry in their cyclical lows. The Group acquired a variety of high-quality vessel assets, including multi-purpose heavy lifting vessels and refined oil tankers, in the first half of 2019, and entered into agreements for the purchase of assets, such as multi-purpose heavy lifting vessels and LPG carriers, which are in market lows. The Group believes that these high-quality assets with cost advantages will lay a solid foundation for the Group’s development and performance growth in the future. Following the development trend of international clean energy demand, the Group provided leasing services for the world’s first converted FLNG plant, which is a new LNG production solution and was successfully put into operation in mid-2018. The Group provided leasing services for China’s first FLNG re-gasification unit, which integrates the functions of offshore natural gas receiving stations and re-gasification stations and is characterized by the advantages of short investment cycle, small environmental impact, ease of movement and operation and promising market prospect. The Group is also actively investing in clean energy marine carriers, and owns ships that provide services for the construction of clean energy infrastructure. The Group’s joint venture owns and operates four ultra-large LPG carriers. The Group believes that the demand for offshore clean energy production and logistics would further increase in the future, which is bound to promote the development of offshore clean energy related equipment leasing business. The International Maritime Organization (IMO) will implement a new ship discharge standard in 2020, which will impose strict limitations on sulfide emission. The Group is actively installing environmental desulfurization devices in its vessels to comply with new emission regulations. Since 2018, the Group has acquired several dual-fuel vessels. The Group will actively seek business opportunities for new vessel demand as a result of the new emission regulations. In addition, the refined oil tanker fleet invested by the Group’s joint venture has a greater opportunity of benefiting from the development of and changes in global oil trade under the new emission standards. 2. The Group’s Response (Continued) The Group has a strong shareholder background. Our controlling shareholder is CSSC Group, the largest and the second largest shipbuilding group in China and in the world, respectively. The Group benefits from the abundant resources of CSSC Group in ship design, shipbuilding and supporting services. In addition, the Group was successfully listed on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange on 17 June 2019. Through the Listing, the Group introduced other significant shareholders, including China Reinsurance (Group) Corporation, COSCO SHIPPING Financial Holdings Co., Limited, Wison Engineering Services Co. Ltd., and First Automobile Finance Co., Ltd.* , and has established a good strategic synergy relationship with them, which will bring new opportunities for the Group’s future development. In the first half of 2019, in view of the weak global macroeconomic growth, the imbalance of development of the world’s major economies, and the intensified trade relations between China and the United States (the “US”), the maritime industry operated at a low level. Against this background, the vessel leasing industry maintained a rapid development. The Group believes that the good performance of the vessel leasing industry during the downturn of the maritime industry for nearly 10 years proves that the vessel leasing industry has a vigorous vitality and substantial market prospects. The Group is confident that the development of vessel leasing industry will provide promising opportunities. The Group believes that the low-level operation of the marine industry in the past decade or so restricted the launch of new shipping capacity and accelerated the elimination of old shipping capacity. The balance between supply and demand in the marine industry has gradually recovered, and the foundation for the recovery of the marine industry is becoming more solid. The Group’s unique industrial background has enabled it to grasp the cyclical opportunities in the marine industry more easily. The growing demand for offshore clean energy will drive the development of the offshore clean energy industry chain. Leveraging our strong maritime expertise and good synergy with shipyards, the Group will further deepen our cooperation with leading partners in this market segment and establish a long-term and stable relationship. The Group will continue to utilize its industrial background advantages, strengthen its market development, reduce its financing costs, establish a balanced and stable asset portfolio, and solidify its position as a leading company in vessel and marine equipment leasing. In addition, the Group is actively seeking to develop a business model for light assets, bringing into play its capabilities in business development and asset management, exploring the possibility of securitization of leased assets, and improving its operational and financial efficiency. In addition, the Group has been informed that CSSC Group, the Company’s controlling shareholder, is planning on a strategic restructuring with China Shipbuilding Industry Corporation* (“CSIC”). The orders held by CSSC Group and CSIC after restructuring will account for 40% of the total orders in China and 15% of the world’s orders. The Group believes that the strategic restructuring will result in resource integration and strengthen the competitive advantages as an industry leader, which will have a positive impact on our development. As at 30 June 2019, the Group’s fleet size in operation increased by six to 71 vessels. The Group’s revenue was HK$1,196.9 million for the six months ended 30 June 2019, representing an increase of HK$156.2 million or 15.0% as compared with that of the corresponding period last year. The Group’s profit for the six months ended 30 June 2019 amounted to HK$452.4 million, representing an increase of HK$53.3 million or 13.3% as compared with that of the corresponding period last year. The increase in revenue and profit was mainly due to the increase in lease income and interest income from loan as a result of the continued expansion of the Group’s leasing and loan business. For the six months ended 30 June 2019, the Group’s revenue amounted to HK$1,196.9 million compared with HK$1,040.7 million for the corresponding period last year, representing an increase of HK$156.2 million or 15.0%. This was mainly due to the increase in lease income and interest income from loan borrowings, which was partially offset by the decrease in commission income. The following table sets out, for the periods indicated, a breakdown of the Group’s revenue by business activity: (Unaudited) (21.9%) (81.8%) The Group’s lease income from finance lease and operating lease for the six months ended 30 June 2019 amounted to a total of HK$753.2 million, compared with HK$781.4 million for the six months ended 30 June 2018. The decrease in finance lease income was due to the exercise of purchase options by lessees in respect of four and seven vessels during the second half of 2018 and the first half of 2019, respectively. The growth in operating lease income was attributable to the increase in the number of vessels under operating lease from 14 as at 30 June 2018 to 33 vessels as at 30 June 2019. The Group recognised interest income from loan borrowings of HK$429.4 million for the six months ended 30 June 2019, compared with HK$180.8 million for six months ended 30 June 2018, representing an increase of HK$248.6 million or 137.5%. Such increase was due to the increase in the average balance of loan borrowings. 4. Analysis on Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Continued) For the first half of 2019, the Group’s other income and other gains/(losses), net amounted to (HK$61.7 million), representing a decrease of 9.5% as compared with (HK$68.2 million) for the corresponding period last year, primarily due to the decrease in exchange loss. The following table sets out, for the periods indicated, a summary of the major expenses incurred by the Group: (Unaudited) (7.6%) (a) For the six months ended 30 June 2019, finance costs and bank charges incurred by the Group amounted to HK$424.4 million compared with HK$459.5 million for the corresponding period last year, representing a decrease of HK$35.1 million or 7.6%. The decrease was mainly due to the decrease in average balance of interest-bearing borrowings. (b) Depreciation on the Group’s property, plant and equipment for the six months ended 30 June 2019 was HK$101.0 million compared with HK$69.8 million for the corresponding period last year, representing an increase of HK$31.2 million or 44.7%. The increase was mainly attributable to the increase in the number of vessels under operating lease from 14 as at 30 June 2018 to 33 as at 30 June 2019. (c) The Group’s vessel operating costs mainly represent the expenses incurred for operating the vessels under operating lease arrangements, including crew expenses, fuel expenses, vessel management fees and vessel insurance. As most of the new operating lease arrangements entered into by the Group during the period were bareboat charters, the vessel operating cost remained relatively stable compared with the corresponding period last year. The decrease in the Group’s share of results of associates from HK$82.8 million for the six months ended 30 June 2018 to HK$1.2 million for the six months ended 30 June 2019 was due to the disposal of investments in two associates, namely CSSC Offshore & Marine Engineering (Group) Company Limited and Bank of Tianjin Co., Ltd, in September 2018. The principal components of the Group’s assets were property, plant and equipment, loan receivables and cash and cash equivalents, collectively representing 88.2% of the Group’s total assets as at 30 June 2019. As at 30 June 2019, the Group’s total assets amounted to HK$29,510.3 million, representing an increase of 0.7% as compared with HK$29,310.0 million as at 31 December 2018, primarily due to the increase in property, plant and equipment and cash and cash equivalent, which was partially offset by the decrease in finance lease receivables. (a) As at 30 June 2019, the Group’s vessels held for operating lease amounted to HK$6,466.0 million, representing an increase of 26.9% as compared with HK$5,096.9 million as at 31 December 2018, primarily due to the expansion of the scale of the Group’s vessel fleet. (b) The following table sets out, as at the dates indicated, the components of the Group’s loan receivables: As at As at (Unaudited) (21.5%) (6.4%) (13.7%) During the year ended 31 December 2018 and the six months ended 30 June 2019, none of the Group’s loan receivables was written off. (c) The Group’s net finance lease receivables represent the present value of minimum lease payment receivables from vessels classified as finance lease and their residual value. There was a decrease in finance lease receivables as at 30 June 2019 as compared to 31 December 2018, mainly due to the exercise of purchase options by lessees in respect of seven vessels during the six months ended 30 June 5. Analysis on Consolidated Statements of Financial Position (Continued) 5.1 Total Assets (Continued) (d) The Group’s loan borrowings mainly include receivables from secured loans. The decrease in loan borrowings as at 30 June 2019 as compared to 31 December 2018 was mainly due to the repayment made by the Group’s customers during the six months ended 30 June 2019. (e) The increase in loans to joint ventures as at 30 June 2019 as compared to 31 December 2018 was mainly because more funding was required by the Group’s joint ventures due to business expansion. As at 30 June 2019, the Group’s total liabilities amounted to HK$21,297.9 million compared with HK$23,544.8 million as at 31 December 2018, representing a decrease of HK$2,246.9 million or 9.5%, which was mainly due to the repayment of certain bank borrowings during the six months ended 30 June 2019. The Group writes off loan receivables, in whole or in part, when it has exhausted all practical recovery efforts and has concluded that there is no reasonable expectation of recovery. Indicators that there is no reasonable expectation of recovery include the cessation of enforcement activities. The Group may write off loan receivables that are still subject to enforcement activities. The Group did not write off any loan receivables during the year ended 31 December 2018 and the six months ended 30 June 2019. During the six months ended 30 June 2019, the Group recorded a relatively high gearing ratio, primarily due to its reliance on bank borrowings to finance its capital expenditure and its financial and liquidity needs derived from its growing business operation. The Group requires substantial working capital for its daily operations due to the balance sheet-driven nature of its business. The Directors are of the view that the Group’s high gearing ratio should not be used as the sole indication that we are subject to unmanageable liquidity risk. 7. Analysis of Consolidated Statements of Cash Flow The following table sets out, for the periods indicated, a summary of the Group’s consolidated statements of cash flow: (Unaudited) At the meeting of the board of directors of the Company held on 23 August 2019, the board declared an interim dividend of HK0.03 (2018: HK$0.32) per share. Based on the number of shares of the Company in issue as at the date of this report, the aggregate amount of dividends payable is estimated to be HK$184,081,987.02 (2018:HK$1,467,000,000). In the first half of 2019, with the continuous development of the Group’s main business, the steady improvement in the Group’s business performance, the increasing recognition of the Group’s vessel leasing business model by banks and other financial institutions, coupled with the Group’s successful Listing, the Group has continuously strengthened its fund-raising and financing capabilities. The Group has continued to step up its business cooperation with domestic and foreign banks and financial institutions to fully secure the necessary financial support for its business development. As at 30 June 2019, the Group established a solid business relationship with more than 20 banks, and obtained banking facilities of approximately HK$30,554.7 million, of which approximately HK$4,727.7 million was unutilised. As at 30 June 2019, the balance of the Group’s cash and cash equivalents and deposit was HK$4,547.0 million. The sources of funds mainly include the proceeds from the Listing and income generated from the ordinary course of business operation. 9. Fund Management (Continued) As at 30 June 2019, the balance of the Group’s bank loans was HK$20,533.4 million, representing a decrease of HK$2,034.1 million as compared with HK$22,567.5 million as at 31 December 2018, comprising balance of long-term project loans of HK$12,445.2 million and balance of working capital loans of HK$8,088.2 million. The term of long-term project loans matches with the term of leasing projects, which is generally approximately 10 years. Among the long-term project loans, HK$3,004.3 million carried interest at fixed rates and HK$9,440.9 million carried interest at floating interest rates, which was in line with the Group’s income from leasing projects. Working capital loans are mainly used for the daily operation of the Group with a term generally ranging from one to three years, all of which carry interest at floating interest rates. The Group strictly fulfilled its obligations under the bank loans and repaid the principal and interest in a timely manner. As at 30 June 2019, the Group’s total assets and total liabilities were HK$29,510.3 million and HK$21,297.9 million, respectively, and its equity attributable to owners was HK$8,182.6 million. The Group’s gearing ratio was 72.2%, down by approximately 8 percentage points from the beginning of the year, which was mainly due to the capital raised from the Listing and the early repayment of certain bank borrowings. In the first half of 2019, in the context of complex and volatile macro-financial environment at home and abroad, mounting uncertainties in the international situation, and the fluctuating US dollar London Inter-bank Offered Rate (“LIBOR”) at high levels despite the federal government’s release of signals to suspend interest rate hikes, the Company kept abreast of the changes in macro situation and adjusted its financing strategies in a timely manner. The Group also rationally selected US dollar-denominated financing products and properly arranged the term structure to further optimise its debt structure. During the six months ended 30 June 2019, the Group’s average finance costs were 3.94%, down by 46 basis points from the corresponding period last year. The Group effectively controlled its capital costs through various measures, mainly including lowering the interest rate of existing bank loans, exercising strict control over the interest rate of new loans and adjusting its loan structure. The relevant economic benefits will become increasingly prominent. In terms of interest rate structure, the Group continued to uphold its original interest rate risk management strategies and proactively managed the matching of assets and liabilities in the interest rate structure. In terms of exchange rate structure, the Group continued to uphold its original exchange rate risk management strategies and maintained the basic matching of assets and liabilities in currency. 9. Fund Management (Continued) In terms of interest rate risk, the Group’s interest spread may be narrowed due to fluctuations in market interest rate. Therefore, the Group manages interest rate risk mainly by controlling the interest rate of its leased assets and corresponding liabilities. As most of the Group’s finance lease projects charges rental at floating interest rates, which is calculated using US dollar LIBOR, and the corresponding bank loans carry interest at floating interest rates linked to LIBOR, the Group is not subject to interest rate risk in this respect. As some of the Group’s operating lease projects charges rental at fixed interest rates, while the corresponding bank loans carry interest at floating interest rates, the Group is subject to interest rate risk exposure. The Group uses bank loans bearing fixed interest rates and converts floating interest rates into fixed interest rates through interest rate swap contracts and cross-currency interest rate swap contracts to hedge against the relevant interest rate risk, thereby effectively matching the future fixed rental income and reducing the impact of changes in US dollar interest rate on the Group’s operating performance. As at 30 June 2019, the Group had interest rate swap contracts with a notional principal amount of US$721.4 million and cross-currency interest rate swap contracts with a notional principal amount of US$340.0 million. In terms of exchange rate risk, the vessels under finance lease and operating lease are purchased in US dollars, and the corresponding finance lease receivables and fixed assets are denominated in US dollars, while the main source of funding is bank loans denominated in US dollars. There is therefore no significant risk exposure in exchange rate. The Group holds some of its monetary funds in Hong Kong dollars, Renminbi and Euros, but the overall proportion is relatively small. Due to the different levels of depreciation of Hong Kong dollars, Renminbi and Euros against US dollars, the Group’s exchange loss was approximately HK$14.2 million for the six months ended 30 June 2019. As at 30 June 2019, the Group had a total of 67 employees, approximately 43% of whom were located in Hong Kong. The Group has a team of high-quality talents with a bachelor’s degree or above. As at 30 June 2019, approximately 96% of the Group’s employees had a bachelor’s degree or above. In the first half of 2019 and 2018, the remuneration of the Group’s employees amounted to approximately HK$17.6 million and HK$13.8 million, respectively. The Group endeavors to create a competitive and fair system for remuneration and welfare. The remuneration package of the Group’s employees includes basic salary and performance-related bonus. The Group reviews the remuneration package and performance of its employees annually. As at 30 June 2019, the Group’s property, plant and equipment for operating leases and bank deposits, which amounted to HK$2,436 million and HK$8,966 million, respectively, were pledged to banks to acquire bank loans. 