Gross profit margin of the Group for the year ended 31 December 2019 was approximately 26.85% which is in line with that of last year. Selling and distribution costs of the Group for the year ended 31 December 2019 was approximately RMB39,240,810.95, representing a decrease of approximately 6.32% over last year. The decrease was mainly attributable to the efforts devoted in self-media promotion which reduced the business promotion expenses to a certain extent. Administrative expenses of the Group for the year ended 31 December 2019 was approximately RMB51,773,501.21, representing an decrease of approximately 18.69% over last year. The decrease was mainly due to the fact that the Company has enhanced its performance management during the Review Period and reduced management costs. For the year ended 31 December 2019, the Group recorded a net profit attributable to the shareholders of the parent company of approximately RMB107,023,458.97, representing a decrease of 45.39% over last year. The decrease was mainly attributable to the decrease in income of principal businesses and increase in financial expenses during the Review Period. As at 31 December 2019, the Group’s other current assets was RMB50,252,379.01, representing an increase of 57.87% as compared with that of the same period last year. The increase was mainly due to the increase of external loan of the Company for the Review Period as compared with that of the same period last year. As at 31 December 2019, the Group’s long-term equity investments was RMB14,034,388.49, representing a decrease of 67.62% over the same period last year. The decrease was mainly due to the Group’s disposal of equity interests in subsidiaries during the Review Period. As at 31 December 2019, the Group’s other equity instrument investment was RMB679,253,400, representing an increase of 198.81% over the same period last year. The increase was mainly due to the Group’s acquisition of Nanjing Dongbang Equipment Co., Ltd.* ( ) (“Nanjing Dongbang”) during the Review Period, where Nanjing Dongbang externally invested RMB450,000,000 to Jianan Xuyi Equity Fund No.1 which was classified as other equity instrument investment. As at 31 December 2019, the Group’s other receivables was RMB139,362,794.66, representing a decrease of 56.66% over the same period last year. The decrease was mainly due to the recovery of guarantee deposits for a project. As at 31 December 2019, the Group’s non-current liabilities due within one year was RMB 356,946,404.90, representing an increase of 94.52% over the same period last year. The increase was mainly due to the increase of long-term borrowings to be due within one year. For the year ended 31 December 2019, the shareholders’ equity of the Group was approximately RMB2,115,590,006.13. Current assets were approximately RMB2,975,609,052.58, comprising cash and bank balances of approximately RMB163,444,153.79. Non-current liabilities were approximately RMB176,107,629.41. Current liabilities were approximately RMB2,167,920,818.25, mainly comprising accounts payable and other payables and advances from customers, short-term borrowings and tax payable. As at 31 December 2019, net assets per share of the Group was approximately RMB2.57 (31 December 2018: RMB2.53). The short-term borrowings of the Group were RMB680,071,088.70. As at 31 December 2019, bank deposits of RMB27,523,624.03 were pledged to the bank for projects in progress (2018: RMB36,413,835.27). For the year ended 31 December 2019, gearing ratio (being sum of short-term loan, long-term loan and non-current liabilities due within 1 year less cash and cash equivalents divided by equity) of the Group was approximately 0.49 (2018: 0.38). Since the Group mainly conducts its business in the PRC and most of the sales and purchases of the Group were denominated in RMB, the Group’s operating results were not exposed to any foreign currency risk. The following table sets forth the key financial ratios of the Group as of 31 December: Net profit ratio (%) (1) Return on net assets ratio (%) (2) Return on equity ratio (%) (3) Debt ratio (%) (4) Current ratio (5) Quick ratio (6) Notes: The 2019 financial ratio data is derived from the data of the audited consolidated financial statements as of 31 December 2019 The 2018 financial ratio data is derived from the data of the audited consolidated financial statements as of 31 December 2018 During the reporting period, the Group’s net profit margin decreased from 10.61% in the same period of the previous year to 5.65%. The decrease was mainly attributable to the increase in financial expenses. During the reporting period, the Group’s return on net assets decreased from 9.26% in the same period of the previous year to 3.88% which was mainly due to the decrease in profits during the reporting period. The Group’s return on equity decreased from 9.26% in the same period of last year to 3.88% which was mainly due to the decrease in profits during the reporting period. The Group’s debt ratio decreased from 56.75% of last year to 52.56% which was due to the decrease in total debts at the end of the reporting period. The Group’s current ratio decreased from 1.65 of the same period last year to 1.37 which was mainly due to the decrease in current assets during the reporting period. The Group’s quick ratio decreased from 1.11 of the same period last year to 0.77. The reason for the change in the quick ratio was same as the reason for the decrease in current ratio as abovementioned. On 5 September 2019, Nanjing Sample Technology Group Company Limited* ( ) (“Sample Group”) as purchaser entered into an equity transfer agreement with the Company as vendor pursuant to which the Company agreed to sell, and the Sample Group agreed to purchase, 64.86% equity interests in Xuzhou Jiuli Bus Terminal Station Project Management Co., Ltd.* ( ) at a consideration of RMB60,144,200. On 5 September 2019, Sample Group as purchaser entered into an equity transfer agreement with the Company as vendor pursuant to which the Company agreed to sell, and the Sample Group agreed to purchase, 46.24% equity interests in Xuzhou Xingshanzi Bus Terminal Station Project Management Co., Ltd.* ( ) at a consideration of RMB76,059,100. On 24 September 2019, the abovementioned disposal has been completed with the change of registration in the Xuzhou Market Supervision and Administration Bureau. For details of the disposal, please refer to the announcement of the Company dated 5 September 2019. On 18 September 2019, the Company and Qiushan Machinery Manufacturing Jiangsu Co., Ltd.* ( ) (“Qiushan Machinery”) entered into an equity transfer agreement, pursuant to which, the Company agreed to purchase and Qiushan Machinery agreed to sell, 42% equity interests in Nanjing Dongbang Equipment Co., Ltd.* ( ) (“Nanjing Dongbang”) at a consideration of RMB21,000,000. On 18 September 2019, the Company and Shanghai Yanchuang Investment Management Co., Ltd.* ( ) (“Shanghai Yanchuang”), entered into an equity transfer agreement, pursuant to which, the Company agreed to purchase and Shanghai Yanchuang agreed to sell, 10% equity interests in Nanjing Dongbang at a consideration of RMB5,000,000. On 23 September 2019, the abovementioned acquisition has been changed its registration with Market Supervision and Administration Bureau of Yuhuatai District in Nanjing. For details of this acquisition, please refer to the announcement of the Company dated 18 September 2019. Save as disclosed above, the Group did not have any other material acquisition and disposal investment during the Review Period. As at 31 December 2019, the Group did not have any material capital commitment. As at 31 December 2019, the Group did not have any material contingent liabilities. As at 31 December 2019, total employees’ remuneration of the Group was approximately RMB64,047,722.15 (2018: RMB71,451,611.05) and the number of employees was 306 (2018: 384). The Group remunerated its staffs based on individual performance, educational background and experience and with reference to market price. The Group would grant discretionary bonus to the staffs based on individual performance as recognition of their contribution. Other benefits included contributions to the retirement scheme, medical scheme, unemployment insurance and housing allowances. In the expressway intelligent transportation business domain, the Group continued to optimise its business plan in the market and develop new business sectors and explore development targets based on its existing market coverage. The Group has always adhered to its customer-orientated approach, strengthened its execution, improved its refined management standards in project implementation and enhanced its competitiveness in the market. In the meantime, with cooperation to attain win-win outcome as its spirit, the Group has actively established strategic cooperation with peers among the industry and developed new market sectors and business projects. During the reporting period, the Group effectively procured the modification and extension of Hangzhou- Nanjing Expressway (Zhejiang section), cancellation of expressway toll stations at provincial boundary and mechanical and electrical engineering project of S25 Jingyuan Huating (Ninggan boundary) Jingheyuan town- Shuanggedaliang section highway. During the reporting period, the Group signed and completed various project contracts of cancellation of expressway toll stations at provincial boundary, such as the cancellation of expressway toll stations at provincial boundary of Hu-Ning Expressway (ETC gantry system integration), cancellation of expressway toll stations at provincial boundary of Suzhou Ring Expressway (ETC gantry system integration), and cancellation of expressway toll stations at provincial boundary of Yanjiang Expressway (ETC road modification). Meanwhile, the Group signed several new project contracts such as construction project of the mechanical and electrical engineering of the toll system of Haian-Qidong Expressway, mechanical and electrical engineering of Jilin Province Jishuang Expressway (Jian-Tonghua section) and mechanical and electrical engineering of Huadu-Dongguan Expressway and mechanical and electrical engineering of G1816 Wuhai-Maqin National Expressway Jingtai-Zhongchuan Airport section. The Group actively commenced various construction projects and provided integrated services to clients, comprising highway monitoring systems, communication systems, toll systems and tunnel electromechanical systems. In addition to the continuous improvement of project management and data collection capability, the Group also proactively explored the application of big data analysis related to transportation in new areas and extended the intelligent transportation concept to every business segment. In the city intelligent transport business domain, the Group strengthened its capability to fulfill its core mission of offering comprehensive solutions of city intelligent transportation. To this end, it continued to integrate elements such as data collection terminals for internet-of-things (IOT) and intelligent information management platforms, creating the basis for ecological transport services in the construction of intelligent cities. During the reporting period, the Group proactively procured the project of the 1st stage of Intelligent traffic management system Phase II of Olympic Sports Center in Suzhou Industrial Park and commenced and completed the electromechanical integration project of the second stage of the Tianfu New District Meishan Double Creation Center (Meishan Huawei Big Data Center) project. To support its user demand-oriented scheme, the Group conducted in-depth research on traffic model algorithms via both self-development and external cooperation. By forming teams dedicated to the big data model and software development, the Group further enhanced its understanding of the transportation sector. Meanwhile, the Group endeavored to shift its core competence from project implementation to the ability of seizing on industry demand and analyzing big data by development achievements of advanced technology. In the customs logistic business domain, leveraging RFID core technology, the Group provided intelligent solutions such as electronic locks and smart containers, fast customs clearance systems and comprehensive logistics supervision systems for customs and free trade zones. During the reporting period, the Group reconstructed the software system for customs integrated gate for the upgrading to proactive cloud operation and maintenance with rapid response, providing service to customers and collecting Sample gate operation and maintenance data. It developed station management system to realise full scenario business linkage of the customs platform, gate and station and collect information related to enterprises and forwarding agents for preparing the Group’s development of new businesses and ensuring its sustaining advantage in intelligent customs logistics. During the reporting period, the Group secured projects such as specific information system for customs clearance base of Nanjing airport, equipment purchase and installation of the information system of bonded logistics center in Rudong Yangkou Port Economic Development Zone (A type), and modification of customs information aided management system of Fuzhou Bonded Port. During the reporting period, the Group actively participated in the work of the national internet-of-things standard working group led by China Electronics Standardization Institute of the Ministry of Industry and Information Technology. The Group led the formulation of a national standard “Internet-of-things Information Sharing Exchange Part 4: Data Interface (GBT 36478.4-2019)” which was published officially in 2019 and implemented officially on 1 March 2020. The three national standards the Group actively participated in the past several years, i.e. “Internet-of-things Information Sharing Exchange Part 1: Overall Structure (36478.1- 2018)”, “Internet-of-things Information Sharing Exchange Part 2: Universal Technical Requirements (GBT3647)” and “Internet-of-things for Intelligent City Application Guide (GBT 36620-2018)” were approved in 2018 for official publication, two projects of which have been implemented on 1 January 2019, and the third one on 1 May 2019. During the reporting period, the Group’s “2016 Provincial Industry and Information Transformation and Upgrade Project Fund” and “2017 Provincial Enterprise’s Promotion Plan for Intellectual Property Strategy” were inspected and passed by the Jiangsu Provincial Department of Industry and Information Technology and the Intellectual Property Office of Jiangsu Province. The Group also obtained approval for its “2019 Provincial Industry and Information Transformation and Upgrade Project Fund” and promoted, built and implemented government projects including NDRC’s “Internet +” and the Provincial high-value patent cultivation project of the Intellectual Property Office of Jiangsu Province. During the reporting period, the Group was awarded the “2019 Excellent Technology Enterprise in Jiangsu”, “Jiangsu Software Talent Charity Contribution Award” and ranked as one of the “Top 50 Innovative Enterprises in Nanjing 2019”. During the reporting period, the Group attached great importance to the application and protection of intellectual property rights, filed new applications for 6 invention patents and 39 software copyrights, conducted 5 software products assessments, and was granted 1 invention patent and 1 utility model patent. In 2020, the Group will continue to focus on two core industries of intelligent transportation and intelligent logistics, adhere to the customer-orientated approach and market-demand-oriented target, focus on both technological and business model innovation, centralize its resources and use information technologies such as the internet-of-things and “internet +” as its core to build the ecological system of an intelligent city. Regarding the intelligent transportation domain, the Group will increase cooperation with government and enterprises within the industry, and provide professional and customized solutions for administration departments of the transportation industry by a combination of means including “optimising traffic organisation + refining transportation projects + improving scientific management measures + advance ITS technology”. On the foundation of data collected in respect of electrical and mechanical infrastructure, carrying equipment and operating trend of transportation, and of relevant government and operators, and in accordance with the demand for daily monitoring, coordination and control, dispatching and directing, alert and forecast, the Group will provide industrial services of “project interaction + operation and maintenance” to users of the transportation industry at various levels. Based on the “big data, intelligent technology, mobile internet, cloud computing” technology and incorporating a number of its own intellectual property rights, the Group will provide professional monitoring and management system, toll management system, emergency and security system and operation and maintenance system to highway administration departments, and provide all-round transport management and intelligent transport services to users at various levels. Regarding the customs logistics domain, the Group will continue to adhere to the philosophy of “connection, development, sharing”, devote to technological innovation and promote industrial efficiency driven by technology, data and scenarios. Based on the six processes of “in custom, in warehouse, in transit, in factory, in use, and in management” of goods to guide IoT scenario modification, the Group will create all scenario service products for customs, and obtain dynamic and static data based on the scenarios to enhance management effectiveness. On the foundation of consolidating its existing businesses, the Group will pay great attention to project quality management and service standard for further enhancement of the market reputation of its customs logistics business. It will continue to strengthen its business teams, optimize the structure of integration projects and explore new areas of customs clearance logistics, laying the foundation for business transformation and upgrade in the future. In 2020, the Group will continue to rely on the National Radio Frequency Identification Device (RFID) System Engineering and Technology Research Center, carry out prospective and industrial common technology R&D related to the core industries, strengthen cooperation with relevant companies, universities and colleges and R&D institutes, consolidate the R&D strengths of all parties, focus on the needs for exploring core business sectors of the Company, conduct R&D of new technologies and products; make planning on the intelligent city ecosystem of the Company, make good use of the industry status and influences of the national engineering center, expand resource cooperation in the industries or related domains, and through cooperation with external parties, establish complementary advantages by uniting partners of the ecosystem; enhance the competitiveness of the products and services of the Company, raise the entry barrier of the industry and protect the development strategies of the internet-of-things business of the Company through core technologies, accumulation of intellectual property rights and upgrade and iteration of core products. 