During the year under review, the international situation and the domestic business environment were complex and changing. After several twists and turns, China and US have made progress on trade negotiations. In view of national conditions, the Chinese government promptly issued reform policies relating to tax and charge reduction to actively ease the burden on small and medium-sized enterprises. The clear governmental guidelines facilitated the shift of China’s economy from rapid growth to high-quality development, active transformation of its development model, optimized economic structure and shifted growth momentum. The economic growth in China has gradually slowed down as compared with the previous years, marking gradually improved quality of economic development, which achieved its strategies of steady progress and high-quality development driven by supply-side structural reform. During the year under review, the investments in rail transit construction in China still maintained a certain scale. Driven by various regional governments’ plans of the “Great Bay Area Economy”, “Metropolitan Area Economy” and urbanization, urban rail transit is becoming important support for the cities to attract people and promote regional economic development. There were 40 cities operating urban rail transit in mainland China, with the length of approximately 6,730 km, representing an increase of approximately 968 km as compared with last year. In addition, the National Development and Reform Commission approved plans for rail transit construction and investment in multiple central cities again. The newly approved planning route length is nearly 700 km, with a total investment of more than RMB460 billion. It can be seen that urban rail transit is increasingly important in economic construction. Along with the appearance of new urbanization, the construction of regional urban agglomerations is accelerating. Investment in this field has gradually become a new growth for national economy and will continue to maintain a relatively fast growth. In 2019, the total passenger throughput in the central cities of China increased by about 2% as compared with that in 2018, which revealed that public transportation is still the first choice for residents to travel. In particular, due to increased cities operating urban rail transit and increased lines, the passenger volume throughput of urban rail transit maintained steady growth year by year. Due to the characteristics of high frequency, high traffic and low unit price in public transportation scenarios, as evidenced by the latest statistics of China Telecom’s Bestpay, the average cost of new customer attraction and activation under such scenario is 70% to 80% lower than that under the supermarket scenarios. As a consequence, domestic large-scale payment companies, banks, three major telecom operators and mobile phone manufacturers have increased their investment in such scenario operations. Shanghai Xunshan is still mainly engaged in assisting China Telecom’s Bestpay, Suning Finance and other partners to develop the public transportation QR code payment platforms and realize the docking of such platforms with public transportation in top cities, as well as the metro QR code payment platforms. During the year under review, based on the development trend of the national public transport and the need from the intelligent transportation industry for integrated development, Global Link Intelligent closely followed the policies relating to and trend of national public transportation development, focused on the industrial scenic trend of “Smart Transportation” and actively prepared to apply CA-SIM card in public transportation scenarios by continuing research and development of the relevant technology and integrating resources. Global Link Intelligent actively docked with the residential and commercial community broadband service providers, and designed community development projects by the application of CA-SIM card, community access control and indoor WIFI service optimization combined with its channel resources in communities, so as to promote the development of CA-SIM application service and develop new community users of CA-SIM card and expand community consumption scenario business. During the year under review, Guangzhou Global Link continued to be mainly engaged in the provision of integrated on-board information system solutions for urban rail transit. In view of the characteristics of long contract performance period and long-term maintenance and operation guarantee in this industry, the Company shall take the timely delivery of system and equipment under the contract as a priority. During the year, the products delivered to various vehicle manufacturing subsidiaries of CRRC included: Northern Extension Line of Guangzhou Metro Line 8, Guangzhou Metro Line 9, additional vehicles purchased on Guangzhou Metro Line 6; Southern Extension Line of Wuhan Metro Line 2, Caidian Line of Wuhan Metro Line; Changsha Metro Line 4; and Hong Kong Light Rail On-board Monitoring System. In addition, the projects executed included renovation project of old vehicle system of Guangzhou Metro Line 5 and 6 and renovation project of old vehicle information system of Shenzhen Metro Line 3. During the year under review, due to the delivered system in previous years and the vehicles under new contracts put into operation for the year, the operation guarantee task of Guangzhou Global Link for the projects was especially onerous. Especially, with the expansion of relevant projects under the “Belt and Road Initiative”, engineering services projects have undergone rigorous time in the compliance with the industry’s international standards. Following the delivery and operation of the second-phase vehicles of Ankara Line of Turkey, the testing and operating of HMU and ETS2 D-series High-Speed Trains in Malaysia became the top priority in its engineering services, project management and technical support during the year. After 8000 km Free-Fault-Running (the “FFR”) of the two D-series High-Speed Trains is completed, the qualification of each train is also subject to the completion of 4000 km FFR. It was a new experience for Guangzhou Global Link to deliver products for these two projects with complex lines and signaling requirements which contained more than 200 operating stations with more than 10 lines operating. Under the strict organization of the vehicle factory, combined with that Guangzhou Global Link’s overseas and domestic employees worked together day and night to overcome all kinds of difficulties, Guangzhou Global Link finally achieved the required standard under strict assessment of the local government and operators. The successful implementation of such two projects has further improved the comprehensive technical strength of Guangzhou Global Link. In the first three quarters of the year under review, the marketing team of Guangzhou Global Link focused on the Pearl River Delta with Guangzhou as the center, Wuhan and Northeast region in China. As the investments in urban rail transit increased year by year, it attracted many companies to participate in the competition for bidding projects, combined with their background of state-owned enterprises, the market competition is very fierce, which resulted in declined gross profit margin of the bidding price. The Company actively explored the user market by leveraging on the long-term service experience in the rail transit industry and numerous achievements in the execution of projects. During the year, the Company also entered into agreements regarding Tram in Huangpu District, Guangzhou and Harbin Line 2 projects, while expanding the markets such as Foshan and Chongqing. With the increasing development of urban rail transit networks and the advancing information technology, operators posed their requirements for related services’ intelligentization and humanization and environmental protection under the premise of safe operation. At the same time, due to the advanced vehicle technologies, new models of medium and high-speed trains, urban express, district tram, maglev train, etc. successively appeared in newly planned projects. Different models have very different requirements for on-board information systems, which also set barriers for new industrial entrants in technical innovation. In order to ensure its market share, Guangzhou Global Link has allocated vast resources to attract various professional developers and make more efforts to the research and development of new products and application. In terms of product innovation, it has continuously communicated with operators and vehicle manufacturers, and has developed new targeted products including: train front monitoring system, digital posters in the carriage; audio and video playback and ordering service in VIP carriage, passenger crowding degree reminder, audio and video real-time communication system and large-scale passenger information broadcasting system. In order to tap into the transportation payment solutions industry in the People’s Republic of China (the “PRC”), which is consistent with the Group’s strategy in expanding its passenger information management system business and will create great synergy with the Group’s existing business, in the first quarter of the year under review, the Company acquired 60% of the entire issued share capital of Connect Cool Technology Limited, which wholly owned Shanghai Xunshan. In the first three quarters of the year under review, Shanghai Xunshan had access the public timipertation system into Hefei Bus, Zhongshan Bus, Zhanjiang Bus, Qingyuan Bus, Huainan Bus, Taizhou Bus, Jieyang Bus, etc. As increasing projects are officially put into operation, China Telecom’s Bestpay has begun to increase its investments in riding code operations. It plans to provide Bestpay’s riding code user subsidies in the form of call services subscriptions interest bundled with the 5G package through cooperation with telecom companies in various provinces and municipalities, which facilitates new customer attraction for the main business and achieve the activation of Bestpay App. Shanghai Xunshan is also actively assisted Bestpay to promote its cooperation with telecom companies in various provinces and municipalities on travel interest packages to capture new business opportunities in operations. In the fourth quarter of the year under review, the pneumonia epidemic has raged across the world, resulting in devastating impacts on the public transportation industry and as a result, the passenger traffic of public transportation of most cities fell to 5% of that for the corresponding period last year. Though in this quarter, Shanghai Xunshan entered into strategic cooperation with Suning Finance in respect of public transportation scenario business, due to the impacts of the external market factors, the budgets of Suning Finance have been significantly reduced and the plan of expansion into more cities was severely impacted. China Telecom’s Bestpay has also decelerate the pace of expansion due to market reasons and instead devoted more efforts to cities where the operation of business already started. With the BAT’s layout for integration of online business with people’s public services needs and application offline, QR code has become the main entrance and tool of mobile Internet in China. The users’ dependence on mobile phone SIM cards gradually weakened, and the issuance and promotion of the physical SIM card (public services card) of Global Link Intelligent was significantly affected. Based on the strengths of mobile phone public services card enabling real-name authentication online and offline and safe interaction, Global Link Intelligent closely followed up with requirements for COVID-19 prevention and control. It conducted in-depth demand analysis and implementation program research, aiming to assist the government in the safety management on epidemic prevention and control (health code) through mobile phone public services card, and exerted efforts to improve the application scenarios for inelastic demands of the people’s livelihood and improve user experience, therefore to promote the smooth application of mobile phone public services card. During the year under review, Global Link Intelligent actively carried out strategic cooperation with a body corporate established in the PRC in respect of the application of 2.4G/RCC SIM card technology in the China T-union project, and signed a supply contract on the supply of public transport POS devices supporting the RCC-SIM cards. During the year under review, the actual delivery of 2,600 POS devices had been completed, laying the hardware foundation and creating favorable conditions for the issuance of cards in the scene of public transport industry. However, in the fourth quarter, due to the impact of the COVID-19 epidemic, domestic public traffic was significantly reduced in the PRC, which had affected the investment in the public transport industry. During the year under review, Guangzhou Global Link, a subsidiary of the Company, has delivered vehicle passenger information system products pursuant to the contracts in relation to the projects of Caidian Line of Wuhan Metro Line, Wuhan Metro Line 2, Southern Extension Line of Wuhan Metro Line 2, Guangzhou Metro Line 9, Northern Extension Line of Guangzhou Metro Line 8, Guangzhou Metro Line 6 and HMU Line in Malaysia. It has also provided relevant spare parts and accessories to metro owners in several major cities during the period. Sales for the year was approximately HK$70,428,000, representing a decrease of approximately 26% as compared with the last corresponding year due to the decrease in products delivered. During the year under review, the public transportation electronic payment platforms of Shanghai Xunshan, a subsidiary of the Company, achieved sales of approximately HK$13,298,000. For the year ended 31 March 2020, the Group recorded gross profit of approximately HK$9,824,000 with gross profit margin of approximately 14%. Loss after tax was approximately HK$22,019,000. Loss attributable to equity shareholders of the Company amounted to approximately HK$23,192,000. Selling expenses during the year under review were approximately HK$9,920,000, representing a decrease of approximately 48% as compared with approximately HK$19,102,000 in the last corresponding year. This is mainly due to the fact that the Group’s overseas projects have been delivered and the Group did not need to bear the freight charges for overseas projects and the local import tariffs for the fourth quarter of the year under review. In addition, the Group conducted targeted business negotiations with and technical exchange activities for potential customers, thereby effectively controlling the relevant expenditure. As a result, the selling expenses during the year under review decreased significantly as compared with the last corresponding year. Administrative expenses during the year under review were approximately HK$13,741,000, representing an increase of approximately 9% as compared with approximately HK$12,557,000 in the last corresponding year. The increase was mainly attributable to the cost related to the acquisition of Connect Cool Technology Limited. Impairment of approximately HK$8,704,000 has been made for the intangible asset CA-SIM during the year under review, representing an increase of approximately 35% as compared with approximately HK$6,446,000 in the last corresponding year. During the year under review, impairment loss on goodwill of approximately HK$5,716,000 was made by the Group. Other operating expenses during the year under review amounted to approximately HK$2,880,000, representing a decrease of approximately 11% as compared with approximately HK$3,250,000 in the last corresponding year. Other revenue and other net gain amounted to approximately HK$4,845,000, remained stable as compared with HK$4,579,000 for the last corresponding year. During the year under review, Guangzhou Global Link remained as the major contributor to the Group’s operating income, and the solution of train information system for railway transportation was the core product for generating operating income. Train manufacturers under the CRRC, railway transportation contractors and integrated project enterprises, as well as subway operators in places where projects had commenced operation, were the major customers of the Group. Shanghai Xunshan was mainly engaged in assisting China Telecom’s Bestpay, Suning Finance and other partners to develop public transportation QR code payment platforms and realize the connection with the bus and metro QR code payment platforms of high quality cities. The PRC market was the main market for products and services of the Group, supplemented by overseas markets. The Group realized turnover of approximately HK$70,385,000 in the PRC, representing approximately 99.80% of the Group’s turnover for the year. The customers of the Group are mainly train manufacturers under CRRC, which are supplied with our certified and licensed train information system products. The Group also supplies technical support and operation guarantee for train operating services for various urban rail transit operators in the PRC, carries out corresponding technical cooperation and innovation at rail transit operators’ requests and provides system software and hardware upgrades, spare parts and accessories at the same time. The Group also supplies system solutions, product support and operating after-sale services for rail transit operators in, among others, Hong Kong, Malaysia, Turkey and Pakistan. The customer base of Shanghai Xunshan’s bus and metro passenger QR code business mainly includes payment companies, internet companies and banks which have demands for traffic from public transportation scenarios, such as Bestpay, Alipay, Suning Finance, Tongcheng-Elong and China Merchants Bank. In relation to the Smart City project, the customer of the Group included a body corporate providing the application of 2.4G/RCC technology in the China T-Union project. The business partners of the Group are mainly train manufacturers under CRRC, which are supplied with our certified and licensed system products, innovation system components, modules, hardware and software research and development and technical support and cooperation for the trial production of new trains. We have established and maintained long-term good partnership with systems integrators, as well as renowned train manufacturers and local enterprises, project construction companies and rail transit operators in Hong Kong and abroad. The main partners of Shanghai Xunshan’s bus and metro passenger QR code business are mainly “Internet +” public transportation operators, bus companies, and subway companies, such as All City Go , i-xiaoma ,Dtchuxing, Jinhua Bus and Shijiazhuang Metro. In respect of Smart City project development, we also collaborate with local government service departments, security management companies, community property management companies, major telecommunications operators, network operators, data centers, professional customer service companies and educational institutions. There has been no material change in the capital structure of the Group since the last accounting year. The Group carried out prudent financial policy with surplus cash deposited in bank to finance operation and investments. Management will review financial forecast on a regular basis. As at 31 March 2020, the Group had total cash and bank balances, amounted to approximately HK$94,107,000 (2019: approximately HK$71,272,000). As the COVID-19 has raged across the world, unprecedented difficulties were brought to the industry’s various activities. In particular, Guangzhou Global Link encountered many challenges, including delay in the resumption of work and production of various upstream components and material suppliers, price increase on some imported parts, longer collection period of receivables and others, which will affect the revenue. The whole management of the Company took the lead in returning to work to organize the resumption of work and production on 10 February 2020, and formulated control measures for various tasks in a timely manner. On the premise of ensuring the safety of employees, detailed prevention and control guidelines and corresponding personal assistance were provided for the workplaces in Wuhan, Turkey, Malaysia, Pakistan and other regions where the COVID-19 is severe. At the same time, in order to ensure product delivery, personnel of other lines have returned to work as normal. It is expected that under the leadership of the management, the enthusiasm of all employees will be boosted. Also, during the period of continuous high investment in the industry, we believe that we can win more new contract orders through innovation, active expansion and sound after-sales service. In addition, the COVID-19 adversely affected the public transportation industry and as a result, the passenger traffic of public transportation of most cities fell to 5% of that for the fourth quarter of the year under review. Although Shanghai Xunshan entered into strategic cooperation with Suning Finance in respect of public transportation scenario business, due to the impacts of the external market factors, the budgets of Suning Finance have been significantly reduced and the plan of expansion into more cities was severely impacted. China Telecom’s Bestpay has also decelerate the pace of expansion due to market reasons and instead devoted more efforts to cities where the operation of business already started. In the coming year, Shanghai Xunshan will strive to effectively control its operational costs and maintain good relationships with its partners. And after the COVID-19 is put under control and market confidence starts to resume, Shanghai Xunshan will continue to focus on the principal line of public transportation scenario business, strive to realize innovation on business model and further develop the “Internet +” public transportation operation business. At the same time, affected by the COVID-19, many enterprises have delayed the resumption of work, residents have difficulty in traveling, the focuses of Panyu District’s epidemic prevention and control government affairs and public services card related work have been adjusted, and the application scenario construction of mobile phone public services card, the expansion of card issuing channels and the site promotion of users have been hindered and slowed down, as a result of which the promotion of the issuance of the Global Link Intelligent‘s physical SIM mobile phone public services cards has been greatly affected. In the future, based on the advantages of online and offline real-name authentication and security interaction of mobile phone public services card and in light of the needs of COVID-19 prevention and control, Global Link Intelligent conducted more in-depth demand analysis and research on implementation plan in order to realize the successful application of mobile phone public services cards and large scale card issuance. As at 31 March 2020, the Group had net current assets of approximately HK$93,619,000 (2019: approximately HK$81,645,000), of which approximately HK$94,107,000 (2019: approximately HK$71,272,000) were cash and bank balances. The Directors are confident that the Group’s existing financial resources will be sufficient to satisfy its commitments and working capital requirements. The Group adopts a conservative approach towards its treasury policies. The Group strives to reduce its exposure to credit risk by performing ongoing credit evaluations of the financial conditions of its customers. To manage liquidity risk, the Board closely monitors the Group’s liquidity position to ensure that the liquidity structure of the Group’s assets, liabilities and commitments can meet its funding requirements. Save as disclosed in note 19 and 20 to the consolidated financial statements, the Group had no charge on its assets for the year under review. The Group did not have any material acquisitions, disposals and significant investments during the year under review. The Group had no outstanding bank loans or other interest-bearing loans as at 31 March 2020 and the gearing ratio (being ratio of total long term borrowings to equity) was therefore inapplicable. The Group exposes to certain foreign currency risk primarily with respect to United States dollars and Hong Kong dollars. No hedging or other alternatives have been implemented. The Group continues to monitor its exposure closely and will take measures to lower the foreign currency risk when necessary. Based on information that is publicly available to the Company and within the knowledge of our Directors as at the latest practicable date prior to the issue of the annual report, the Group had maintained sufficient public float in accordance with the GEM Listing Rules throughout the year under review. Segment information of the Group is set out in note 8 to the consolidated financial statements. Honor Crest Holdings Limited, a direct wholly owned subsidiary of Goldstream Investment Limited (formerly known as International Elite Ltd.), a company listed on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange (stock code: 1328) completed the subscription of 1,000,000,000 shares of the Company on 21 April 2016. For details, please refer to the announcements of the Company dated 29 February 2016 and 21 April 2016 and the circular of the Company dated 30 March 2016 (the “Circular”). The gross proceeds from the subscription were HK$80.0 million. The net proceeds of the subscription, after deduction of expenses and professional fees, amounted to approximately HK$79.0 million (the “Subscription Proceeds”), amongst which approximately HK$62.6 million had been utilised as at 31 March 2020. The breakdown of the Company’s actual use of the Subscription Proceeds as at 31 March 2020 is as follows: The Company’s existing train information system solutions for urban rail transit business, mainly for the execution of the newly signed order contracts of a number of new lines projects in several cities The development of the “Smart City” project by using the Company’s existing CA-SIM technology, mainly for staff hiring, development of relevant management system platform and gradual roll out of Based on the current market condition, the Board is planning to utilise approximately HK$3 million, on development of the “Smart City” projects and relevant research and development in the financial year ending 31 March 2021. The remaining balance of the un-utilised Subscription Proceeds will be put in banks as deposits. As at 31 March 2020, there is no plan to change the original intended use of the proceeds as disclosed in the Circular. The Group did not have any significant contingent liabilities as at 31 March 2020. Neither the Company, nor any of its subsidiaries has purchased, redeemed or sold any of the Company’s listed securities during the year under review. As at 31 March 2020, the Group had 199 employees (2019: 182 employees), with 190 employees and 9 employees employed in the PRC and Hong Kong, respectively. The total staff costs, including Directors’ emoluments, amounted to approximately HK$22,942,000 (2019: approximately HK$24,280,000) for the year under review. Staff remuneration, including the emolument payable to the Directors, is reviewed by the Group from time to time depending on length of service and performance of the staff. The Group provides various employee benefits, including Mandatory Provident Fund Scheme, social insurance, medical insurance and accident insurance. The Group’s financial position, business results and prospects would be affected by a number of risks including operational risk, market risk and financial risk. Our Group engages in research and development of electronic hardware and software which is susceptible to information technology risk. The Group’s trading business is subject to credit risk, liquidity risk and foreign currency risk. The Group’s financial risk management objectives and policies are shown in note 5(a) to the consolidated financial statements. Operational risk of the Group are related to our projects, where bidding prices of projects are generally affected by market competition. On the other hand, there are also certain operation risk for the Group to control the costs and implementation of each project. Market risk of the Group refers to the general demand of our products, which is in turn affected by PRC government policy and national and regional economy. Information technology risks refer to the risk of infringement of intellectual property during our research and development process, as well as application of licensed technology in our products. Facing the risks as mentioned above, the Company adopts internal control systems where critical points in our business process is identified and specific control measures and procedures developed to reduce operational and information technology risks. The Company works closely with day-to-day management in order to identify and control potential risk points, and consult external advisers where necessary. 