slightly during the period, from 44% to 42%, mainly attributable to signiﬁ cant increases in commodity prices and a weak U.S. dollar. The Group recorded an operating proﬁ t of HK$13.9 million, which was HK$5.0 million or 27% lower than the corresponding period in 2007. The decrease was mainly due to lower gross proﬁ t margin. Proﬁ t before income tax of the Group amounted to HK$41.7 million, a HK$8.5 million increase year-on-year, or 26%. The increase mainly resulted from an increase in share of proﬁ ts of associate and jointly controlled entities during the period, partly offset by a decrease in operating proﬁ t caused by a decline in gross proﬁ t percentage. The signiﬁ cant increase in share of proﬁ ts from the jointly controlled entities of HK$11.9 million, or 78% year- on-year, was mainly attributable to the growth in sales and margin improvement driven by strong local market demand and the much bigger capacity at the new factory site operated since the second half of 2007. Proﬁ t attributable to equity holders recorded a gain of HK$8.9 million, or 41% year-on-year, to HK$30.5 million accordingly. Turnover of the carpet operations increased by 29%, or HK$130.6 million, to HK$578.7 million. The increase was mainly attributable to the sustained growth in both the commercial and residential businesses during the period and the acquisition of J.S.L. Carpet Corporation (“JSL”) in the U.S. in January 2008. The U.S. market accounted for 45% of total carpet turnover in the ﬁ rst half year of 2008 while Asia and Europe/ Others accounted for 31% and 24% respectively. In the corresponding period in 2007, the corresponding shares of total carpet turnover by the U.S., Asia and Europe/Others were 42%, 37% and 21% respectively. The gross proﬁ t margin decreased from 44% to 43% during the period, due to signiﬁ cantly higher production costs resulting from global increases in commodity prices and a weak U.S. dollar, despite further improvement in production efﬁ ciencies and the continuing increase in sales mix of higher margin carpets. As a result, despite higher sales, operating proﬁ t of the carpet operations earned during the period decreased slightly year on year to HK$8.8 million. The U.S. market continued to show signiﬁ cant growth and remained the largest market of the Group. Total carpet turnover in the U.S. during the period increased 38% year-on-year to HK$257.8 million, despite a slowing economy. Although the signiﬁ cant increase was partly attributable to the acquisition of JSL in January 2008, which sales accounted for approximately 30% of the year-on-year increase in turnover, both the commercial and residential businesses also recorded strong sales during the period. Turnover of the commercial business in the U.S. during the period amounted to HK$155.1 million and achieved a year-on-year increase of 17% as demand from the hospitality and gaming sectors in the local, regional and international markets remained ﬁ rm. Proﬁ t margins were tight in certain market sectors and the signiﬁ cant increases in production costs could not be fully passed on to the customers. As a result, overall gross proﬁ t margin during the period was slightly lower than the corresponding period in 2007. Sales of the U.S. residential business showed 49% growth year-on-year to HK$79.8 million. The signiﬁ cant increase was attributable to relative modest growth last year due to renovations of a number of showrooms, strong market demand for luxurious carpets and launch of Global Design Collections. Gross proﬁ t margin remained ﬁ rm, and was not affected by the slow-down of the economy. Turnover in Europe also showed a signiﬁ cant increase during the period, mainly driven by the residential business and partly helped by an appreciation of the Euro against the U.S. dollar. The London ofﬁ ce, after opening in the second half year of 2007, was fully functional during the period. Our ofﬁ ce in Germany was relocated to Hamburg and a new showroom was opened there in early 2008. Total sales of the residential business in Europe amounted to HK$48.4 million, a year-on-year increase of 38%. Gross proﬁ t margin was comparable with last year. In Thailand, both turnover and proﬁ t margin showed improvements during the period compared with 2007, as the Group remained market leader in the domestic market and beneﬁ ted from the growth in certain domestic market segments. But the signiﬁ cant cost increases and a strong Thai Baht during the ﬁ rst half year of 2008 posed a great challenge in maintaining overall proﬁ tability. After two years of signiﬁ cant growth, turnover in Hong Kong, Macau and other Asian countries was HK$54.2 million, a 11% year-on-year decrease. The relative importance of other businesses, including yarn-dyeing in the U.S., the mattress operation in China and the holding of certain investment properties for rental income, to overall Group results continues to decline as the Group focuses on growing the core carpet operations. Turnover of such other businesses showed a 5% year-on-year decrease to HK$41.6 million and accounted for less than 7% of the Group’s total turnover. Total operating proﬁ t of the period decreased by HK$3.6 million to HK$6.3 million, mainly due to lower proﬁ ts from the U.S. yarn-dyeing facilities. The ﬁ rst six months of 2008 have been a challenging period to the Group. Although sales growth remained strong during the period, the signiﬁ cant rises in commodity and fuel prices, together with a weak U.S. dollar, had a substantial impact on production costs and caused a decrease in overall gross proﬁ t margin. Various initiatives have been implemented to better manage factory cost increases and to improve proﬁ t margins. Management considers that the sales momentum will continue in the second half year even though the global economy shows signs of slowing down. Order bookings to date remain strong, and the Group continues to beneﬁ t from the past investment and efforts in building a premium brand and its competitive edge in product quality, design and customer service. In addition, it is also expected that contributions from ofﬁ ces in certain new markets, including Latin America and India, will increase in the second half year. Therefore, management believes that the Group is well positioned to cope with difﬁ cult market conditions. The Board does not recommend the payment of an interim dividend for the period (2007: Nil). Capital expenditure in the form of property, plant & equipment and construction in progress incurred by the Group totalled HK$30.9 million during the six-month period ended 30 June 2008 (2007: HK$25.1 million). As at 30 June 2008, the aggregate net book value of the Group’s property, plant & equipment, investment properties, leasehold land & land use rights, and construction in progress amounted to HK$405.3 million (as at 31 December 2007: HK$397.9 million). It is expected that total capital expenditure incurred in 2008 will be greater than that incurred in 2007, mainly for expanding and improving factory capacities, broadening product range and continuing the renovation programme for RBC showrooms in order to support business growth. The Group coordinates its ﬁ nancing and cash management activities at the corporate level, and usually funds its business with internally generated cash ﬂ ows and through banking facilities at various subsidiaries. As at 30 June 2008, the Group had total bank borrowings of HK$2.3 million (as at 31 December 2007: HK$1.1 million). Total cash and bank balances amounted to HK$78.4 million (as at 31 December 2007: HK$107.6 million). The net cash balance was HK$76.1 million as at 30 June 2008 (as at 31 December 2007: HK$106.5 million). The gearing ratio, calculated as net bank borrowings (total bank borrowings net of cash and bank balances) divided by total equity, was 0% (as at 31 December 2007: 0%). As at 30 June 2008, the Group also held ﬁ nancial assets at fair value through proﬁ t or loss of HK$41.0 million (as at 31 December 2007: HK$31.0 million). The bank loans outstanding on 30 June 2008 amounted to HK$2.0 million, being trust receipts which were unsecured and interest free throughout their terms. The bank overdraft was also unsecured and charged with ﬂ oating rate of interest. The currency denomination of the borrowings and their maturity dates as at 30 June 2008 and 31 December 2007 were as follows: 30 Jun Thai Baht United States Dollar The Group has overseas operations in the U.S., Europe, Thailand, the PRC, Singapore, India and Argentina. The Group treats its investments in these foreign operations as permanent equity, so exchange differences from translating the net investments in these foreign operations do not affect cash ﬂ ows and are dealt with in the reserves. The Group’s sales are denominated primarily in U.S. dollar, and to a lesser extent in Euro and Thai Baht. The operations in Europe, Singapore, India and Argentina are not signiﬁ cant in terms of the Group’s results. The major exchange differences arising from overseas operations relate mostly to Thailand and China. The effect of these exchange differences, however, has been partly reduced by hedging against some of the foreign currency exposure (including accounts receivable from export sales). The Group will continue to monitor exchange rate movements closely to ascertain if any material exposure may arise. As at 30 June 2008, the Group employed 3,400 employees (as at 31 December 2007: 3,300 employees). Employees are remunerated according to the nature of the job and market trends, with built-in merit components incorporated as an annual incentive to reward and motivate individual performance. The Company implemented a proﬁ t-sharing scheme for certain key management personnel (including the Chief Executive Ofﬁ cer). Pursuant to the scheme, based on the recommendation of the Remuneration Committee, the eligible participants would be entitled to a proﬁ t share in respect of the Company’s consolidated results for the three years ending 31 December 2008 after certain adjustments. As at 30 June 2008, the Group’s total contingent liabilities (see Note 15 to the condensed accounts for full disclosure) amounted to HK$21.4 million (as at 31 December 2007: HK$ 21.5 million). Hong Kong, 19 September 2008 