company has not yet finalised the business agreement with bus and subway operators, the revenue remains undetermined. Beijing Municipal Administration & Communications Card Co., Ltd. and Tianjin Metropolitan Card Co., Ltd. have jointly launched the “Jing-Jin Smart Card” (“ ”), a special commemorative card combining into a dual E-wallet. With just one card, residents can enable value adding, make purchases and enjoy offers in public transport in these two cities, making inter-connection and inter-communication possible. Smart Cards have been launched in 10 commercial sectors, 70 business entities and more than 1,210 chain stores which include supermarkets, convenience stores, restaurants, pastry shops, bookstores, drugstores, hospitals, cinemas, etc. The Company has formed a partnership with the Beijing Municipal Bureau of Sport to set up Beijing Fitness Card Co., Ltd. for the issue, management and operation of Fitness Cards for all Beijing residents. Smart Card holders are now able to process transactions with their cards in more than 40 sports venues and gymnasiums throughout the city. The Beijing Fitness Website (www.bfcc.cn) has been launched on a trial basis as well. On the website, residents can search for information on various venues in Beijing, read fitness tips, view sports equipment, learn about fitness scientific methods, etc. Beijing Enterprises Teletron Information Technology Co., Ltd. During the period of business review, Beijing Enterprises Teletron Information Technology Co., Ltd. ensured a secure and steady operation of various projects. These projects included the Automated Fare Collection (“AFC”) System for Lines 1 and 2 and the Batong Line; the Automated Fare Collection and Clearing Center (“ACC”); the screen door project for Lines 4, 5 and 10; completion of a structural test on the screen door project for Line 4; and the Building Automation System (“BAS”) for Lines 1 and 5 assisting the host with the implementation of the Safe Olympics Plan. The intelligent system projects of the National Indoor Stadium have been completed and operated during the Olympic Games. China Information Technology Development Limited (“CIT Development”) China Information Technology Development Limited (stock code: 8178) is one of our major investment enterprises. During the period, the company generated its revenue principally from the provision of corporate information enquiry services to the public by way of the Internet, mobile phone and telecommunication value added services. The corporate information enquiry service mainly available on the Mingsuo.com (www. mingsuo.com); it will open up “Mingsuo Certification” service and expand the coverage of the services to include regions such as Beijing, Tianjin, Hebei Province, Shaanxi Province and Harbin. Although the overall economic landscape and business environment are extremely severe in 2008, the Company will continue to focus on its principal business, carry out market expansion and enhance the profit base. It is our urgent and top priority to finalise business agreements between Beijing Municipal Administration & Communications Card Co., Ltd. and the bus and subway operators. We will continue to enhance communications and coordination with relevant government departments, trying our best to safeguard the interests of our shareholders. In addition, the Company and CIT Development have formed a joint venture – Beijing Enterprises UniCard Co., Ltd. This new company will help integrate our experiences and resources in the telecommunications and financial sectors, with the creativity of value-added business operations for converting into a new profit growth engine of the Smart Card. Seeing the increasing financial resources committed by the Beijing Municipal Government to the rail transportation and education sectors, the Company will fully capitalise on its competitive edges in these sectors to seize the development opportunity in the information-based construction projects in Beijing and control costs to facilitate sustainable business development. Despite the persistent stagnate and volatility in both the Chinese domestic and overseas capital markets in 2008, this has offered abundant investment opportunities to the Company. The Company will fully capitalise on our financial and technological strengths and aggressively pursue investment opportunities in the market for enhancing our value, with heightened insightfulness and proactive risk management. The Group’s revenue for the six months ended 30 June 2008 was HK$159,061,000, representing an increase of 63.8% as compared to HK$97,084,000 in the corresponding period last year; loss attributable to the shareholders of the Company during the period was HK$47,939,000, representing a loss of 7.0 HK cents per share while the profit was HK$131,394,000 and earnings per share was 20.9 HK cents in the corresponding period last year. After offsetting the loss of HK$2,778,000 (gains for the corresponding period last year was HK$188,615,000) from the deemed disposal and the disposal of a partial interest in CIT Development as well as the profit of HK$9,556,000 from discontinued business operations for the corresponding period last year, loss attributable to the shareholders of the Company during the period was HK$45,161,000, representing a decrease of 32.4% as compared to HK$66,777,000 in the corresponding period last year. During the period, administrative expenses were HK$56,021,000, representing an increase of 12.1% as compared to HK$49,983,000 in the corresponding period last year. Of these expenses, the amortisation of employees’ share options expenses were HK$32,784,000 (corresponding period last year: nil). The board of directors does not recommend the payment of an interim dividend for 2008. The Group’s total assets decreased from HK$1,539 million at the beginning of the period to HK$1,464 million as at the balance sheet date, of which current assets accounted for HK$878 million. Its total liabilities decreased from HK$318 million at the beginning of the period to HK$285 million as at the balance sheet date. Net asset value decreased from HK$1,221 million at the beginning of the period to HK$1,178 million as at the balance sheet date, of which interests of the shareholders of the Company accounted for HK$1,132 million while minority interests accounted for HK$46 million. As at the balance sheet date, cash and cash equivalents held by the Group amounted to HK$601 million, a decrease of HK$118 million from the beginning of the period, of which special dividends amounting to HK$55 million were paid for 2007. The Group did not have any bank borrowings. Current ratio remained at 308%, while the total debt to total equity ratio decreased from 26.0% at the beginning of the period to 24.2%, suggesting that the Company maintained a sound financial position. The Group’s current assets and liabilities are principally denominated in Renminbi. Given the steady appreciation of Renminbi against Hong Kong dollars, the Group will have corresponding increase in reserve from currency exchange gain during the consolidation of the net assets of subsidiaries into the Group in future. The Group’s capital expenditures amounted to HK$598,000 for the six months ended 30 June 2008. As at the balance sheet date, the Group’s authorised, but not contracted for capital commitments amounted to HK$227 million. The Group did not have any significant contingent liabilities. The total number of full-time employees hired by the Group increased from 340 at the beginning of the period to 350 as at 30 June 2008. The management believes the salaries offered by the Group to its employees are competitive. On behalf of the Board, I would like to express my gratitude to all employees and all shareholders of the Group as well as associated parties from different sectors for their support. 16 September 2008 