The Group recorded an unaudited loss of US$979,081 for the six months ended June 30, 2008 (profit for the six months ended June 30, 2007: US$2,700,199). The Group has re-balanced its listed securities portfolio in view of significant correction in stock markets in the first half of 2008. The Group has received US$42,665 in dividend income from listed investments (2007: US$61,756) but has recorded a realized loss of US$345,701 on disposal of listed securities versus realized gains of US$2,806,321 in the same period last year. A total loss of US$2,237,251 as fair value changes in listed investments was recorded for the first half of 2008. As for unlisted investments, no dividend income was recorded in both years since the two new investments were made in the fourth quarter of 2007. The Company has invested in another two new unlisted investments in the first quarter of 2008, which are investments in redeemable convertible preference shares. No fair value change was recognized in the current period. In May 2008, the Company paid to its shareholders a special final dividend of US$0.20 per share for 2007. As at June 30, 2008, the Group’s net asset value (“NAV”) per share was US$2.51 after such dividend distribution, a 17.16% decrease compared with US$3.03 at the end of 2007. At the end of June 2008, the Company’s share price was US$2.00 (December 31, 2007: US$2.30), reflecting a discount of 20.32% to NAV per share. In the first half of 2008, the Company invested in two new projects at a total consideration of US$7,600,000. These are investments in redeemable convertible preference shares of two investee companies, one of which is engaged in Internet online games platform named Grandpro Technology Limited and the other is a B2B Internet trading service provider named Global Market Group Limited. The Investment Manager went through screening processes on over 30 other different projects, for discovery of any potential lucrative investments and some of which are being under in-depth study. Raffles International Investment Ltd. (“Raffles”) The Company invested in 22.73% equity interest in Raffles for a consideration of HK$20 million, equivalent to US$2.5 million, in September 2007. Raffles is a single purpose investment vehicle for purchase of equity shares in Tongrui Holding Limited (“Tongrui”) which invests in Wuxi Ruinian Enterprise Company Limited (“Ruinian”). Ruinian is principally engaged in manufacturing Amino Instant (tablet). It also launched a new product line of herbal tea, with state-protected confidential formula, called “Shun Pai” in the regions of Jiangsu and Zhejiang, as a way of tapping into the fast growing China herbal drinks market. In 2008, the brand “Ruinian” was once again awarded with “Jiangsu Province Renowned Brand” and honored by other industry organizations as well. As of the end of June 2008, Tongrui recorded unaudited consolidated revenue of RMB475 million and unaudited consolidated net profit of RMB110 million. During the first half of 2008, Tongrui group has filed an application for a listing of its shares on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange and targeted to list before end of 2008. China Material Technology Limited (“CMT”) The Company invested in 4.31% equity interest in CMT for a consideration of US$2.5 million in November 2007. CMT’S wholly-owned subsidiary South Polar Lights Steel (Shanghai) Company Limited (“SPLS”) has produced over 36,000 tons of hot-rolled galvanized steel, with a 25% factory utilization rate. As a result of the nation’s monetary measures, downstream enterprises are being restrained, which led to a drop in the demand for hot-rolled galvanized steel. Together with inadequate working capital problem that CMT has been experiencing, productions were limited. Orders are mainly from Taiwan and German steel manufacturers as well as traders, with the majority products falling between the thicknesses of 1.5 – 2.0mm. As of the end of June 2008, SPLS recorded unaudited revenue of RMB174 million, with a corresponding unaudited loss of RMB11 million. CMT is actively seeking for additional funding to meet its working capital requirement and future development plans. Grandpro Technology Limited (“Grandpro”) In January 2008, the Company acquired 260 Series A Preference Shares in Grandpro (“Grandpro Preference Shares”) for a consideration of US$2.6 million. Grandpro Preference Shares are convertible into ordinary shares of Grandpro upon listing of its shares on a recognized stock exchange or are redeemable at cost plus accrued interest at 10% per annum should listing of its shares not be consummated by the end of 2010. Grandpro is principally engaged in the development and operation of online game platform. In the first half of 2008, Grandpro’s daily users reached 760,000, monthly active users recorded approximately 9,630,000 and it is still growing. Grandpro had been granted the right to operate “Crazy Kart II”, a game which Shanda Interactive Entertainment had spent over four years to develop; it is the very first 3D leisure online kart racing game ever in China. Other games like “Investiture of the Gods” and “Company of Heroes” are also about to go online soon. As of the end of June 2008, Grandpro has recorded unaudited sales revenue of RMB17 million, and unaudited loss of RMB7 million. Global Market Group Limited (“GMG”) In March 2008, the Company acquired 1,530,769 Series B Preference Shares in GMG for a consideration of US$5 million. The GMG Preference Shares are convertible into ordinary shares of GMG upon the listing of its shares on a recognized stock exchange or are redeemable at cost bearing interest at 8% per annum should listing of its shares not be consummated by the end of 2011. GMG is a leading B2B Internet trading service provider in the PRC. Apart from its three core sectors, namely lighting, household appliances and audio & video products, GMG has started to develop new sectors such as automobiles, gifts, computer components and environmental friendly products. In addition, GMG increased the number of sales consultants, hosted several large conferences between buyers and sellers and cooperated with media to boost public exposure. All these are expected to enlarge GMG’s high quality buyer database and attract sellers to enroll as members. Global Market Group Limited (“GMG”) (Cont'd) Apart from B2B trading platform, GMG extends its business to international logistics business by providing a complete range of services including freight forwarding, transport insurance and customs declaration services. GMG also has targeted two B2B companies’ acquisitions and are currently under negotiation, through which, GMG can enrich its client base as a whole and expand its market share. As of the end of June 2008, GMG has recorded unaudited sales revenue of RMB108 million with unaudited profit of RMB1.8 million. The Company’s listed securities portfolio recorded a loss of 21.88% in the first half of 2008, almost in-line with the Hong Kong benchmark Hang Seng Index (“HSI”), which declined by 20.56% over the same period; but outperformed the Hang Seng China Enterprises Index (HSCEI)’s 26.14% negative growth. A loss of US$2,237,251 on fair value change on investments in listed securities were recorded in the period. The U.S. subprime loan crisis remains a haunting factor to global markets. Due to the correlation between the Hong Kong and the U.S., the local market followed the global market down trend. In the first half of this year, China faced natural disasters one after another; snowstorms, floods and the severe catastrophic earthquake in Sichuan, which brought about adverse economic effects, with the A-share index plunging 49% by the end of June 2008. Consumer Price Index reached its record high at 8.7% in February, ending in a 7.1% increase in the first half, inflation has become a major concern and the Chinese government is determined to tackle this problem. The immediate measure was the lifting of banks’ Required Reserve Ratio on six occasions, from the beginning of the year’s 14.485% to 17.5%. On the other side of the strait, the presidential inauguration in Taiwan did not cause any instant boost to the stock market. Instead, Taiwan Stock Exchange Capitalization Weighted Stock Index (“TAIEX”) plunged as much as 20% from that day on, as the market responded to this as an opportunity for profit-taking sell-off. However, the eased tensions for cross-straits relationship should bring stability to the region and the effect will be reflected in the long run. Comparing with other regions, TAIEX fell only 11.5% in the first half of this year, outperforming other Asian markets. World stock markets’ performance in the first half of 2008 Going forward, we see that the Hong Kong market will remain volatile and lack of clear direction, as it will be influenced by mixed economic indicators from both the U.S. and China. Signs of economic slow-down can be clearly seen in the U.S. market. For the remainder of 2008, our investment strategy will continue to be carried out in a meticulous manner. However, we must also be alert to struggling financial institutions as damages from subprime losses may not be over as yet. Some postponed IPOs are expected to resume their listing process in Hong Kong in the second half, perhaps at lower valuations. In conclusion, the Company will focus more on unlisted investment as sentiment of the stock markets remained pessimistic. The Investment Manager will continue to conduct due diligence reviews on a number of projects and closely monitor all existing invested projects. We see this as a good opportunity to source out quality private equity projects at lower investment valuations. Given the volatile market condition, the Investment Manager will continue to execute investment strategy with caution, with particular emphasis on risk management. 