In the first half of 2016, amidst the global economic downturn, the global oil prices were continuously staying at a low level and the supply was larger than the demand. In addition, with the frequent fluctuation of the steel prices, weak demand of overseas markets and declining growth of domestic economy, the energy equipment industry has faced with an increasing level of market competition which led to a huge decline in the price of products. In face of the new challenges from shales gas and offshore petroleum, the Company has organized and planned for project construction, continuously increased its investment in technology and research and development of new products, steadily expanded its market coverage, integrally enhanced the management standards, proactively conquered the influence of internal and external difficulties and factors, in order to ensure the stable operation of the Company. During the reporting period, the Group achieved an unaudited revenue of RMB871,031,873.22, representing  a decrease of approximately 20.65% as compared to the same period last year; the unaudited total profit was  RMB-2,918,208.35, representing a decrease of approximately 144.83% as compared to the same period last year; the unaudited profit attributable to equity holders of the Company was RMB6,039,585.20 representing a decrease of 41.44% as compared to the same period last year; and the unaudited net profit after extraordinary items was RMB-1,965,200.44, representing an increase of approximately 80% as compared with the same period last year. There are no significant changes in profit structures and profit sources during the reporting period.The disclosure of future development and planning in the public disclosure documents including the prospectus and the asset reorganization report continuing to the reporting period. There is no disclosure of future development and planning in the public disclosure documents including the prospectus and the asset reorganization report continuing to the reporting period.
Company’s review on the progress of the operating plan during the reporting period. For domestic market, the major customers of the Group’s oil well tubes business are PetroChina Company Limited (“PetroChina”), Sinopec (Hong Kong) Petrol Filling Station Co., Ltd. (“Sinopec”), China National Offshore Oil Corporation (“CNOOC”) and Yanchang Petroleum International Limited, business scopes of other customers include social pipe mechanical processing, shipbuilding, high-pressure boiler, gas cylinder tube and automobile tubes, etc. and the market continues its expansion. 2. For overseas market, the Group continued to expand its business development in Central Asia, Middle East, South America and North Africa during the reporting period and develop new customers’ relationship by mainly selling casing and tubing, line pipe products, subsea pipeline products and sucker rods. In addition, the Group has obtained certificates for its products in many national oil companies during the reporting period. With the new customers’ development and obtaining the production certificates from national oil companies, the Group has further increased its market shares in the overseas market, and popularity in the international oil drilling equipment market. Currently, the Group has established and maintained good and long-term cooperative relationships with many overseas oil suppliers and oil field service companies, which results in raising sales in the overseas markets. During the reporting period, the Group’s revenue from exports accounted for approximately 16.74% of the Group’s total sales revenue.3. For new products development, with the scientific research advantages of “Province-level Enterprise Technical Center of Shandong Province” and “Shandong Molong post-doctoral research station”, the Group continued to strengthen its technological cooperation with research institutes to increase its efforts to develop high-end products, expand product structures and enrich product categories. The Group has successfully developed products including but not limited to ML-IJ enhanced direct interlocking tube , P 11 american standard alloy pipe, high pressure straight pipe, anti-corrosive airtight pipe thread and anti-corrosive suspension pump which were supplied to domestic and overseas customers in large quantities. Continuous development and introduction of new products to the market enables the Company to respond swiftly, thus enhancing our resistance to risk.10
2016 Interim ReportIII.  For the six months ended 30 June 2016, the Group has further strengthened the cooperation with the four major domestic oil companies, including the non-API products and the mass supply of special personalized product. New products have been successful installed in each of the domestic oil fields and blocks. The sale of non-oil well pipes seamless pipes increased rapidly. New Products like ML-IJ enhanced direct interlocking tube, P11 american standard alloy pipe, high pressure straight pipe, anti-corrosive airtight pipe thread and anti-corrosive suspension pump have been massively supplied to the market. For overseas markets, products like oil casing pipe, line pipe products has passed the product certification of the oil companies from Russia, Iran, Uzbekistan, Egypt, and other national oil companies, and gained the recognition of customers. New products like large diameter casing, special series buckle casing, and anti-corrosive subsea pipelines has been massively supplied to customers, which led to an expansion of the overseas market share and also an improvement of the fame of the Company within the international energy equipment market.For new products development, with the scientific research advantages of “Provincial-level Enterprise Technical Center of Shandong Province” and “Shandong Molong post-doctoral research station”, the Group has continued to strengthen its technological cooperation with various research institutes to increase its efforts to develop high-end products, expand product structures and enrich product categories. The Group has successfully developed products including but not limited to ML-IJ enhanced direct interlocking tube, P 11 american standard alloy pipe, high pressure straight pipe, anti-corrosive airtight pipe thread and anti-corrosive suspension pump which were  supplied to domestic and overseas customers in large quantities. Continuous development and introduction of new products to the market enables the Company to respond swiftly, thus enhancing our resistance to risk.2016 Interim Report11V. The Company did not hold any external investment in the reporting period. The Company did not hold any financial enterprises in the reporting period. The Company was not involved in any securities investment in the reporting period. The Company did not hold other listed companies’ stocks in the reporting period.
2. Situation of trust management, investment in derivatives and entrusted loans

The Company didn’t have trust management in the reporting period.

There was no derivative investment in the reporting period.

The Company did not have entrusted loans in the reporting period.

The Company did not have use of proceeds in the reporting period.12
2016 Interim Report4. Analysis of main subsidiaries, joint stock company

VI. Operating result forecast for the nine months ended 30 September 2016
Operating result forecast for the nine months ended 30 September 2016: Net profit attributable to shareholders of listed companies is positive and had continued to be in a profitable position.
Change in net profit attributable to shareholders of the listed company from January to September 2016 (%) –50.00% to 0.00%Change in net profit attributable to shareholders of the listed company from January to September 2016 (%) 635.92 to 1,271.83Net profit attributable to shareholders of the listed company from January to September 2015 (RMB’0000) 1,271.83Reasons for the change in results In the first half of 2016, amidst the global economic downturn, the global oil prices were continuously staying at a low level and the supply was larger than the demand. In addition, with the frequent fluctuation of the steel prices, weak demand of overseas markets and declining growth of domestic economy, the energy equipment industry has faced with an increasing level of market competition which led to a huge decline in the price of products. With the intensive market competition of the energy equipment industry, sharp decrease in the price of products and a decrease in sales revenue, the Company’s profitability has sharply decreased when compared with the same period in last year.14

Under the profit distribution plan of the Company last year, there was no distribution of cash dividends, giving bonus and transferring accumulation fund into share capital.

There was no proposal on distribution cash dividends, giving bonus and transferring accumulation fund into share capital.

There was no reception of research investigations, communications and interviews during the reporting period.

The Group’s profit for the first half of 2016 and the state of financial affairs of the Group and the Company at that date are set out in the consolidated financial statements on “IX Financial Statements” of the interim report.

A summary of the results and of the assets and liabilities of the Group for the past two financial years is as follows:

For the 6 months ended 30 June20162015RMB’0000RMB’0000Total revenue from operation 87,103.19109,764.96 Profit from operations (1,322.18)(1,716.29) Total profit (291.82)651.02 Net profit (1,048.69)(99.17) Minority interests (1,652.65)(1,130.49) Net profit attributable to shareholders of the Company 603.961,031.33 Basic earnings share (RMB) 0.00760.012016 Interim Report15Assets and LiabilitiesFor the 6 months ended 30 June20162015RMB’0000RMB’0000Total assets 646,148.17585,118.07 Total liabilities 393,449.46331,309.61 Net assets 252,698.71253,808.46

For the six months ended 30 June 2016, details of changes in the share capital of the Group are set out in note 30 of the consolidated financial statements.

For the six months ended 30 June 2016, details of changes in the reserves of the Group are set out in note 33 to the consolidated financial statements.

Details of changes in the property, plant and equipment of the Group for 2016 are set out in note 12 to the consolidated financial statements.

For the six months ended 30 June 2016, the Group had capitalised interest amounting to RMB23,050,200.37.

Each of the Directors and Supervisors (including the independent non-executive Directors and Supervisors) has entered into a service contract or letter of appointment with the Company. None of the Directors or Supervisors have entered into any service contracts with the Company which is not determinable by the Company within one year without paying compensation, other than statutory compensation.

For continuing related party transaction with a subsidiary named Karamay Yalong Petroleum Machinery Co., Ltd in the reporting period, please refer to “XII. Related Party and Transactions” in section IX to the consolidated financial statements. This continuing related party transaction was not “Connected Transactions” or “Continuing Connected Transactions” under Charter 14A of Listing Rules from SEHK.16
2016 Interim Report9. According to the Hong Kong Securities and Futures Ordinance, Disclosure of Directors’, Supervisors’ and Chief Executive’s Interests in Shares, Underlying Shares and Debentures
As at 30 June 2016, interests and short positions of the Directors, Supervisors and chief executive of the Company in the shares, underlying shares or debentures of the Company or any of its associated corporations (within the meaning of Part XV of the Securities and Futures Ordinance (the “SFO”)), which were required to be notified to the Company and SEHK pursuant to Divisions 7 and 8 of Part XV of the SFO (including interests or short positions which they are taken or deemed to have under such provisions of the SFO) or which will be required, pursuant to section 352 of the SFO, to be entered in the register referred to therein, or which will be required pursuant to the Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors of Listed Company as set out in Appendix 10 of the Listing Rules, to be notified to the Group and to SEHK, were as follows:
Long positions in the Shares
NameType of interestNumber of  A sharesPercentage of A sharesPercentage of total registered share capitalZhang En RongBeneficial265,617,00049.03%33.29% Zhang Yun SanBeneficial30,608,0005.65%3.84% Lin Fu LongBeneficial26,162,0004.83%3.27%NameType of interestNumber of  H sharesPercentage of H sharesPercentage of total registered share capitalZhang Yun SanBeneficial9,060,4003.54%1.14%Save as disclosed above, to the best knowledge of the Directors, supervisors and chief executive, none of the Directors, supervisors or chief executive had any interests or short position in shares, underlying shares or debentures of the Company or any of its associated corporations (within the meaning of Part XV of the SFO), which will have to be notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange under Divisions 7 and 8 of Part XV of the SFO (including interests and short positions which they have or deemed to have under the SFO) or will be required pursuant to section 352 of the SFO to be entered in the register referred to therein, or which will be required pursuant to the Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors of Listed Company as set out in Appendix 10 of the Listing Rules, to be notified to the Group and to the Stock Exchange.The Company has adopted a Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors on no less exacting terms than the Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors of Listing Issuers as set out in Appendix 10 to the Listing Rules (the “Model Code”). Having made specific enquiry, all Directors confirmed that they have complied with the required standard set out in the Model Code during the six months ended 30 June 2016.

None of the Directors or supervisors or their respective associates (as defined under the Rule 1.01 of the Listing Rules of the SEHK) was granted any rights or options to acquire any shares in or debentures of the Company by the Company or its subsidiaries or had exercised any such rights in the first half of 2016.

The Company does not have any share option scheme.2016 Interim Report1712. Substantial Shareholders
The details are set out section VI of this interim report.

There was no contract of significance to which the Company or any of its subsidiaries was a party and in which any of the Directors and supervisors had a material interest, whether directly or indirectly, subsisted at the end of 30 June 2016 or at any time in the first half of 2016.

None of the Company (or any of its subsidiaries) or the controlling Shareholders of the Company (or any of its subsidiaries) has entered into any material contracts between themselves, and none of the controlling Shareholders of the Company (or any of its subsidiaries) has provided any material service contract to the Company (or any of its subsidiaries).

Neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries has purchased, sold or redeemed any listed securities of the Company during the six months ended 30 June 2016.

There is no provision for pre-emptive rights under the Articles or the laws of the PRC which would oblige the Company to offer new shares on a pro rata basis to existing Shareholders.

The Company has strictly complied with requirements of laws, regulations and regulatory documents including the Company Law, the Securities Law, the Standard on the Governance of Listed Companies and the Guidelines for Articles of Association of Listed Companies since its establishment and continued to enhance its corporate governance standards. During the reporting period, the Company continued to enhance the corporate system and operation procedures in accordance with the work arrangement of the regulatory authorities and the latest regulatory requirements. There were no differences between the actual conditions of the Company’s corporate governance and the requirements of the CSRC’s related laws and regulations. The Company had also fully adopted the respective code provisions set out in the Code on Corporate Governance Code of Appendix 14 of the Listing Rules of the Hong Kong Stock Exchange.Throughout the six months ended 30 June 2016, the Company has complied with the code provisions set out in the Code on Corporate Governance (the “Code”) contained in Appendix 14 of the Listing Rules without any deviation. None of the Directors is aware of any information that would reasonably suggest that the Company is not or was not in compliance with the Code at any time during the period under review.

According to information of the Company available to the public and to the knowledge of the Directors, the Directors confirm that the Company has maintained a sufficient public float throughout the first half of 2016 and up to the date of this report.18
2016 Interim Report19. Substantial Shareholders’ and other persons’ Interests or bond interests
As at 30 June 2015, so far as it is known to the Directors, supervisors or chief executive of the Company, the following persons (other than a Director, supervisor or chief executive of the Company) had, or were deemed or taken to have interests or short positions in the shares and underlying shares and debentures of the Company which would fall to be disclosed to the Company and the Stock Exchange under the provisions of Divisions 2 and 3 of Part XV of the SFO and required to be recorded in the register to be kept under section 336 of the SFO:
NameType of interestNumber of  H SharesNumber of  H SharesPercentage of total registered capitalDesmarais Paul G.Interest of controlled corporation30,500,00011.91%3.82% Save as disclosed above, no persons (other than being a Director, supervisor or chief executive of the Company) had, or were deemed or taken to have interests or short positions in the shares, underlying shares and debentures of the Company which would fall to be disclosed to the Company and the Stock Exchange under the provisions of Divisions 2 and 3 of Part XV of the SFO and required to be recorded in the register required to be kept under section 336 of the SFO.

As at 30 June 2016, our Group’s current ratio is 72.30%, the acid-test ratio is 49.24%, the asset-liability ratio is 60.89%, the receivable-turnover ratio is 289.89% and the inventory turnover ratio is 173.78 %. The main capital source of our Group is the cash inflow from operating activities, borrowings from financial institutions and financing activities through capital markets. Our Group’s demand for funds does not have obvious seasonal pattern.As at 30 June 2016, the Group borrowed a total of RMB1,816 million from banks. The Company has issued corporate loans in the amount of RMB50 million to the public and they were due in June 2016 (at the end of the last year, the Group borrowed a total of RMB1,469 million and issued loans amounting to RMB499 million). As at 30 June 2016, the Group had monetary capital of RMB831 million (RMB350 million at the end of last year).

The Group’s gearing ratio was approximately 60.89% (2015: approximately 56.62%) which is calculated based on the Group’s total liabilities of approximately 3,934.49 million (2015: approximately RMB3,313.10 million) and total assets of approximately 6,161.48 million (2015: approximately RMB5,851.18 million).

The Group has established a strict internal control system for cash and fund management so as to strengthen the financial management. Most of the Group’s revenues and expenses are denominated in Renminbi. The Group's liquidity and solvency are in good condition.

As at the end of the reporting period, the Group had no assets with limited ownership.

As at the end of the reporting period, the Group did not have any significant contingent liabilities to disclose.2016 Interim Report19V. MATERIAL MATTERSI. Corporate Governance
Strictly in compliance with the requirements of the relevant laws and regulations of Company Law (公司法), Securities Law (證券法), Code of Corporate Governance for Listed Companies (上市公司治理準則), listing rules of Shenzhen Stock Exchange (深圳證券交易所股票上市規則), listing rules of Hong Kong Stock Exchange (香港聯合交易所股票上市規則) and the relevant provisions of the China securities regulatory commission (CSRC), the Company continued to optimise its legal person governance structure, and established a modern enterprise policy to regulate the operations of the Company. The Board think s the state of governance of the Company is currently in compliance with the requirements under the relevant documents of CSRC.

The Company has established a corporate governance structure to ensure that all shareholders are able to fully exercise their rights and enjoy equal status, in particular for minority shareholders. Sufficient time is provided at general meetings of shareholders, which are to be convened legally and validly, for the discussion of each proposal, to provide good opportunities for communications between the Board and the shareholders. In addition, shareholders may contact the Company through its shareholder hotline during normal working hours or through its designated e-mail address for any enquiries.

The Company’s controlling shareholder is Zhang En Rong. The controlling shareholder exercises its rights as an investor in strict compliance with the law, without adversely affecting the lawful rights and interests of the Company and other shareholders. Candidates for election as Directors and Supervisors are nominated in strict compliance with laws and regulations and the terms and procedures as set out in the Articles. The staffing, assets, financial affairs, organization and business of the controlling shareholder are independent to those of the listed company, with the controlling shareholder. The controlling shareholder has not directly or indirectly interfered with the decision-making and business activities of the Company beyond the general meeting.

The Company appoints directors in strict compliance with the procedures set out in its Articles, ensuring that the directors are appointed in an open, fair, just and independent manner. In order to fully reflect the opinions of minority shareholders, a cumulative voting scheme is adopted for the appointment of directors. The Board  has a reasonable professional structure, acting in the best interests of the Company and in good faith. The Company has formulated a set of rules of procedure for Board of Directors meetings, and board meetings are convened and held in strict compliance with the Articles and Rules of Procedure of the Board of Directors Meetings. To optimise the corporate governance structure, three specialist committees —the Nomination Committee, Audit Committee and Remuneration and Evaluation Committee — have been established by the Board of Directors in accordance with the Governance Standards for Listed Companies. The majority of members and the convenors in each of these committees are Independent Directors, providing scientific and professional opinions for reference by the Board of Directors in its decision-making.