Facing numerous challenges in the ﬁ rst half of 2012, overall growth of the global economy has slowed down. New York WTI crude oil prices and London Brent oil prices have maintained relatively high levels, namely US$90 per barrel and US$80 per barrel, respectively. The high oil prices have stimulated oil and gas exploration and investment to some extent. According to Barclays Capital, it is expected that global exploration and production investment in 2012 will reach US$598.5 billion, representing an increase of 10% as compared to US$544.5 billion in 2011. Beneﬁ ting from the steady development and investment, it has promoted continuous active oil drilling activities worldwide and maintained stable growth in oil exploration equipment. According to Baker Hughes research, the average number of operating rigs worldwide during the Period amounted to 3,572 sets(Note), increasing by 7.7% as compared to the same period last year and hitting a record high since 1986. Moreover, according to statistics of IHS Petrodata, the overall daily rate of global drilling platform increased greatly in the ﬁ rst half of 2012, with an average growth rate of over 10%. At the same time, the utilization rate of global drilling platforms reached 81.7%, an increase of 4.2 percentage points as compared with the same period last year. During the Period, following the development of the industry trend, the Group continued to promote the diversiﬁ ed long-term development strategy of “Focusing on land equipment production business with integration in offshore equipment manufacture, oil and gas engineering services and unconventional oil and gas exploration to create synergies”. The Group’s business continued to maintain rapid growth, with revenue amounting to approximately million, representing a signiﬁ cant increase of 52% as compared to the same period last year. During the Period, the Group’s gross proﬁ t was approximately RMB741 million, representing an increase of 124.5% as compared to the same period last year. Proﬁ t attributable to equity shareholders was approximately RMB210 million, representing an increase of 297.3% as compared to the same period last year. advantages and provide (The Group’s Long-term Development Strategy) Oilfield Engineering Development of Oil and Gas Note: Statistics of Baker Hughes’ active drilling rigs does not include China and Russia. During the Period, the Group put forward the concept of “Creative Manufacturing”, and proactively researched and developed new products, technologies, markets, businesses and models with a focus on market and customer needs, so as to further optimize markets, products and service mix, as well as improve integrated competitiveness and proﬁ tability. During the Period, the Group enhanced promotion and marketing strength, participating in 10 large- scaled international and domestic exhibitions and placed 18 print advertisements with remarkable effects in the major industry media, further improving product awareness and recognition. Meanwhile, the Group continued to implement its strategy of “Localization” by providing high quality products and comprehensive extended and value- added services, so as to consolidate the customer base in mature markets, while at the same time explore new markets and clients. The Group has successfully entered into a land drilling rig sales agreement worth approximately US$187 million with Petróleros de Venezuela, S.A. during the Period, which further improved the Group’s market share in the South American market. In July 2012, the Group renewed the workover rig sales agreement worth approximately US$21.6 million with the National Drilling Company, enlarging its inﬂ uence in the Middle Eastern market. At the same time, the Group successfully penetrated into Nigerian and Azerbaijan markets, obtaining 1 rig sales contract in Nigeria as well as 4 rig sales contracts in Azerbaijan. Under the environment of increasing competition in the domestic market, the Group strived to achieve cooperation amid these circumstances and signed 3 sales contracts with ZYT Petroleum Equipment Co., Ltd.. In July 2012, the Group entered into a land drilling rig sales agreement worth approximately RMB320 million with a new client, Jiangsu Xinde Petroleum Machinery Co., Ltd., gradually improving its revenue proportion in the domestic market. At the same time, the Group strived to develop new drilling rigs and related products, fully utilize its technological advantage of “mechanical and electrical integration” and increase proﬁ t contribution of high value-added products, so as to provide continuous momentum for the Group’s long-term stable development. During the Period, the Group’s self-innovated series product of top drives achieved satisfactory sales, recording individual sales of 2 sets and supporting sales of 12 sets. Moreover, through proactive exploration of new sales models and application of operating and ﬁ nancial leases, the Group achieved successful sales of top drive products in the domestic market including Zhongyuan oilﬁ eld and Jiangsu oilﬁ eld, etc. The Group has entered the ﬁ nishing stages of the ﬁ rst phase of construction of the offshore engineering equipment production base located in Qidong City, Jiangsu Province, which possesses the production conditions and capabilities to undertake the entire offshore platform order. In addition, the construction program of the core equipment of innovative “onshore-made offshore equipment” construction program — the “Honghai Crane”, has been approved, and will begin construction soon. The Group has gained a foothold in the global market, and will strive to strengthen the marketing of its offshore business and actively develop potential customers. During the Period, the Group’s wholly owned subsidiary successfully signed a sales contract with Shanghai Shipyard Co., Ltd. for TIGER series drilling vessels drilling equipment packages worth a total value of more than RMB300 million. The agreement not only marks the ﬁ rst time a Chinese offshore manufacturing enterprise has broken the deep-water drilling package monopoly of international giants, opening a new chapter of the Group’s entrance into the deep-water drilling package market and setting a new milestone of the Group’s entrance into the offshore equipment market. The project was included in the national hi-tech industry development project plans and investment plans and got approval document of subsidy from the National Development and Reform Commission, which will gradually invest totally RMB40 million to the Group. In the ﬁ rst half of 2012, the Group achieved breakthroughs in its oil and gas engineering services business. On one hand, the Group has consolidated the Kazakhstan market by obtaining new contracts in the region. On the other hand, the Group has successfully explored new markets including Xinjiang Karamay, Sinopec Northeast Oil and Gas Company, Sichuan Antonoil and Iraq and signed long-term service agreements with clients. Meanwhile, through entering into a drilling service contract with Baker Hughes, the world’s third largest oil and gas engineering services company, and providing services to Italian company ENI, the Group has ofﬁ cially stepped into the global high- end market and obtained product and services recognition by clients. During the Period, the Company secured the China Drilling Engineering Industry Safety Production License and also successfully joined the network of Sinopec Northeast Oil and Gas Company, laying a foundation for full entry into Sinopec’s oil and gas engineering market network. The Group’s Oil and Gas Engineering Service Company has 5 operational drilling rigs in total during the Period. The oil and gas engineering team has 427 employees. During the Period, operational efﬁ ciency of the oil and gas engineering business continued to improve and the average drilling completion date per well decreased signiﬁ cantly. In addition, through continued expansion of new business, the Group has begun to get involved in mud pumping services in its Northeast projects. According to the “Shale Gas Development Plan (2011–2015)” announced by the National Energy Administration in March 2012, the target of shale gas production by 2015 is 6.5 billion cubic meters, and shale gas resources are currently in the early stages of exploration. Large-scale development is expected to begin during 2016–2020, and will strive to achieve an annual output of 100 billion cubic meters by 2020. In 2011, U.S. shale gas production reached 180 billion cubic meters, with a fracturing capacity of 12 million hydraulic horsepower. Based on projections, in 2020, if the annual shale gas production in China reaches 60–100 billion cubic meters, and annual fracturing demand will grow to over 600,000 hydraulic horsepower, equivalent to an annual demand for 240 new fracturing units, a market scale of up to RMB3.6 billion. Thus, the room for growth in the fracturing equipment market is huge. During the Period, the Group has been actively promoting its unique “To establish substation and electricity transmission network ahead; to exploit gas by using gas; to use gas ﬁ red power-gen and power grid; to pursue ﬂ ow process operations; to realize large-scale industrial production” shale gas development solutions and ideas. This set of innovative ideas as well as the special equipment developed for shale gas (i.e. 6000HP fracturing pump), was exhibited in May of this year at the OTC exhibition in the USA, and received industry- wide attention and praise for its signiﬁ cant advantage in reduced footprints, reduced costs and environmental friendliness. While the Group promotes its programs and related equipment, it has also gradually accelerated its shale gas special equipment R&D process, of which the 6000HP fracturing truck design was completed in May of this year, prototype assembly sets will be completed in October. During the Period, the Group’s subsidiary Gansu Hongteng Oil & Gas Equipment Manufacturing Co., Ltd. obtained orders of 2 fracturing trucks and 1 70-fracturing truck. The technological transformation of fracturing equipment production line and the R&D of traditional fracturing equipment 3000HP fracturing trucks as well as digital variable frequency sand mixing cars are related to the long-term development of the company, and are currently being undertaken in an orderly manner. The Group ﬁ rmly believes that innovation and R&D are the driving forces for an enterprise’s development. During Period, Group increased cooperation with renowned research institutions and universities in the area of new product development and introduced engineers and experienced researchers and implemented innovation and R&D for series of products, focusing on a main stream of new drilling rigs, high value- added components and shale gas exploration equipment. During the Period, the Group invested a total of RMB18.546 million into R&D funding, which has seen some encouraging progress. Among these, the land equipment’s serialized direct top drive-90 series top drive prototype has completed restructuring and site testing and the ﬁ ve-cylinder direct-drive mud pump industrial tests were completed in June. With regards to unconventional oil and gas development, the component design and optimization of the rack and pinion rig was completed in May. As of 30 June 2012, the Group has accumulatively ﬁled 165 patent applications and 86 of them had been approved. The Group established the Procurement and Logistics Department early this year, aiming to develop and implement the Group’s procurement strategies at corporate level, establish an optimized procurement structure, maximize supply chain resources through insights of supply chain and application of management strategies, so as to provide strong supply chain resources and protection for realization of the Group’s strategic goals on operating development. In terms of quality control, the Group further implemented a simpliﬁ ed production mechanism and improved production processes, effectively shortening production cycle of parts and eliminated waste, as well as increasing efﬁ ciency of product testing. During the Period, the Group continued to adopt comprehensive budget management and implement rigorous cost control measures. Meanwhile, the Group also strengthened income and accounts receivable management, implemented monthly alert and monitoring on sales income to establish dynamic administrative mechanism for sales income. With an aim of reducing the accounts receivable turnover period, Group also developed regulations for receivable management and implemented assessment for receivable rate. During the Period, the Group’s average receivables turnover Note period was 95 days, a decrease of 32 days as compared to the same period last year. In addition, the Group has strengthened the sorting of all warehouse processes and standardized inventory logistics management and operations. Strict control of production technology, production Note: Receivables include trade receivables, long-term receivables and bills receivable. processes, materials distribution processes and other aspects, while guaranteeing product quality and production cycles, have effectively controlled production costs and improved production efﬁ ciency. During the Period, the Group’s inventory turnover period was 266 days, a decrease of 77 days as compared to the same period last year. During the Period, the Group continued to emphasize on optimization of organizational and professional structure as well as strengthened introduction of industry experts, ﬁ rst-class technical professionals and international talents, so as to enrich and improve its human resources reserve for its long-term development. At the same time, the Group further improved training systems, and strengthened employment and cultivation of senior management, top engineering technicians and researchers. During the Period, the Group conducted a total of 283 training courses, covering management and development, professional skills, legal knowledge, operation efﬁ ciency and product knowledge, aiming to improve employee skills and enhance working efﬁ ciency. In the second half of 2012, despite the slowdown of the effect on the world economy by the debt crises in Europe, the USA and other countries, the outlook is not optimistic, but the overall development trend of the oil and gas industry is good. In particular, Americas, Africa and other emerging markets will usher in a peak period of oil and gas exploration and development in the next few years, effectively driving the demand for land-based oil drilling equipment and services. The Group will grasp the development trend of the oil and gas industry. On one hand, we will continue to implement the strategy of “localization” and establish joint ventures in Russia and Venezuela to further improve global market distribution; on the other hand, we will continue to implement the “market diversiﬁ cation” sales strategy to strengthen macro brand building and product promotion efforts in order to actively expand into emerging markets, increase global market share and consolidate the Group’s leading position in the global land-based equipment manufacturing industry in order to lay the foundation for sustained and stable growth of the Group’s results. At the same time, the Group will place innovation and R&D in a more prominent position and strive to create value through innovation, further promote high-end and high value-added products and achieve sales breakthroughs of new products. Since onshore conventional oil and gas resources are limited, it is expected that more than 70% of oil and gas production will come from the ocean. More than 60% of existing offshore platforms have been used more than 25 years; the offshore equipment market in the future will usher in a new peak period of upgrading. The Group will capture the opportunity of the development of the offshore oil and gas industry, and plans to begin construction of the “Honghai Crane” in the second half of the year. Meanwhile, the Group will continue to strengthen the technical innovation and development of the offshore platform and strive to bring proﬁ ts to the Group as soon as possible. With the continuous expansion of the domestic and foreign oil service market, the Group will maintain the efﬁ cient functioning of existing projects, and actively develop high quality projects, expanding the scope of oil and gas services, as well as gradually develop the mud services, directional drilling services, fracturing acidiﬁ cation and other diversiﬁ ed services in order to improve the competitiveness and proﬁ tability of the Group in the industry. In the second half of the year, the Group plans to invest more rigs, and aims to put a total of 11 rigs into production and form 11 oil and gas service teams for the initial realization of economies of scale. In face of domestic and foreign unconventional oil and gas development boom, the Group will continue to work on the development and marketing of related products in order to reach commercial sales within the year. In addition, we will continue to actively looking for partners and hope to promote the “To establish substation and electricity transmission network ahead; to exploit gas by using gas; to use gas ﬁ red power-gen and power grid; to pursue ﬂ ow process operations; to realize large-scale industrial production” shale gas development solutions and ideas in China and North America. At the same time, the Group will continue to focus on tendering and exploration and development of unconventional oil and gas blocks to seek cooperation opportunities. Looking forward for the whole year, the Group will endeavor to promote the revenue of core businesses, while expanding offshore engineering equipment, oil and gas engineering services, development of unconventional oil and gas and other businesses. We will continue to implement the concept of “Creative Manufacturing” to create value and enhance the overall competitiveness of the Group to achieve sustainable and stable development and create greater shareholder returns. During the Period, the Group’s gross proﬁ t and proﬁ t attributable to shareholders of the Company amounted to RMB741 million and RMB210 million respectively, while gross proﬁ t and proﬁ t attributable to shareholders of the Company in the same period last year amounted to RMB330 million and RMB53 million respectively. Gross proﬁ t margin and net proﬁ t margin amounted to approximated 37.6% and 10.6% respectively. During the Period, the increase in the Group’s gross proﬁ t and proﬁ t attributable to shareholders of the Company was due to signiﬁ cant growth in sales revenue and increase in gross proﬁ t margin. During the Period, the Group’s turnover amounted to approximately RMB1,969 million, representing an increase of RMB674 million or 52.0% as compared to the same period last year. Revenue growth was due to the Group’s active market development. The number of rig sales during the Period increased to 22 units from 19 units in the same period last year. The Group’s revenue by geographical segment during the Period: The Group’s export revenue amounted to approximately RMB1,779 million, accounting for approximately 90.4% of total revenue, representing an increase of RMB567 million as compared to the same period last year. Among which, there was a substantial increase in revenue from the Americans market, drilling rig sales increased to 15 units as compared to 4 units in the same period last year; domestic sales also saw growth, 4 drilling rigs were sold during the Period, while 1 unit was sold in the same period last year. In addition, diminished demand led to a signiﬁ cant decrease in income in the European and Central Asian, South and Southeast Asian, and Middle Eastern markets as compared to the same period last year, drilling rig sales dropped from 5 units, 5 units and 3 units respectively in the same period last year to 1 unit each. For the six months ended 30 June 2012 For the six months ended 30 June 2011 The Group actively explores markets in different regions, and the revenues from different regions are affected by the local oil and gas exploration activities. During the Period, revenue by product categories was as follows: Revenue by product For the six months ended 30 June 2012 For the six months ended 30 June 2011 2012.1–6 vs 2011.1–6 (unit) (unit) Offshore Rigs and The Group’s products are divided into drilling rigs, rig parts and components and offshore drilling rigs and parts. During the Period, revenue from drilling rigs and parts, components and others were RMB1,610 million and million respectively, representing an increase of 77.4% and decrease of 10.8% as compared to RMB907 million and RMB388 million in the same period last year. Offshore drilling rigs and parts revenue amounted to approximately RMB13 million, mainly attributable to the Group’s sales of offshore drilling parts, which was zero at the same period last year. Drilling rigs comprised of digitally-controlled land rigs and conventional land rigs, revenue from which amounted to RMB1,361 million and RMB249 million respectively during the Period. The increase in revenue from drilling rigs was mainly due to the increase in sales volume of drilling rigs from 19 units in the same period last year to 22 units during the Period, while the average unit price increase to RMB73 million during the Period from RMB48 million in the same period last year. Drilling rig parts and components and other revenue decreased. This was mainly attributable to the order will be delivered in the second half. Mud pump sales during the Period decreased to 26 units from 68 units as compared to the same period last year. In addition, Gansu Hongteng has begun sales of fracturing trucks, enriching the Group’s product portfolio. During the Period, the Group’s cost of sales amounted to approximately RMB1,228 million, representing an increase of approximately 27.3% or RMB263 million as compared to the same period last year, mainly due to a rebound in sales. During the Period, the Group’s gross proﬁ t amounted to approximately million, representing an increase of RMB411 million as compared to the same period last year. Among which, gross proﬁ t from drilling rigs amounted to approximately RMB686 million, representing an increase of 200.7% as compared to the same period last year; drilling rig and parts and components and other gross proﬁ t amounted to approximately RMB62 million, representing a decrease of 39.4% as compared to the same period last year; During the Period, the Group’s overall gross proﬁ t margin was 37.6%, representing an increase of 12.1 percentage points as compared to 25.5% in the same period last year. This was mainly attributable to the Group’s active market development during Period, relative depreciation of the Renminbi against the US dollar and economies of scale due to the increased production. During the Period, the Group’s selling expenses amounted to approximately million, representing an increase of RMB168 million or 221.1% as compared to RMB76 million in the same period last year. This was mainly attributable to increased transportation costs brought on by the increased sales revenue and an increase in costs related to the Group’s active market exploration. During the Period, the Group’s general and administration expenses amounted to approximately RMB209 million, representing an increase of RMB37 million or 21.5% as compared to RMB172 million in the same period last year. Based on the Group’s customers’ ability to pay, a provision of approximately RMB29 million for bad debts was made. This amount was RMB14 million in the same period last year. The Group is actively requesting the settlement of trade receivables for which provisions have already been made. Meanwhile, general and administration expenses reasonably increased accordingly with the increase of revenue. During the Period, the Group’s net ﬁnancing income amounted to approximately RMB10 million as compared to net ﬁnancing expenses of RMB6 million in the same period last year. The increase in net ﬁnance income was mainly attributable to an increase in interest income brought by continuous improvement in operating cashﬂ ow and enhancement of treasury management. The Group recorded a net exchange gain of approximately RMB3 million during the Period, while there was a net exchange loss of approximately RMB2 million in the same period last year, which was mainly attributable to the relative depreciation of the Renminbi against the US dollar. During the Period, the Group’s share of loss from jointly controlled entities amounted to approximately RMB6 million, representing an increase of RMB1 million as compared to share of loss of RMB5 million in the same period last year. During the Period, the Group’s share of proﬁt from an associate amounted to approximately RMB4 million as compared to a proﬁ t of RMB2 million in the same period last year. During the Period, proﬁ t before taxation of the Group amounted to approximately million, representing an increase of RMB203 million as compared to the same period last year. The increase was mainly attributable to the signiﬁ cant increase in revenue and gross proﬁ t. During the Period, the Group’s income tax expense amounted to approximately million as compared to the income tax expense of approximately RMB15 million in the same period last year. The increase was mainly attributable to the growth in the Group’s proﬁ t before taxation. During the Period, the Group’s proﬁt amounted to approximately RMB216 million, as compared to a proﬁ t of approximately RMB60 million in the same period last year. Among which, proﬁt attributable to equity shareholders of the Company was approximately RMB210 million, while earnings attributable to non-controlling interests was approximately RMB6 million. During the Period, net proﬁt margin was 10.6%, as compared to a net proﬁ t margin of 4.1% in the same period last year, which was mainly attributable to the signiﬁcant increase in gross proﬁ t due to the marked increase in revenue during the Period. Earnings before Interest, Taxes, Depreciation and Amortisation (“EBITDA”) and EBITDA During the Period, EBITDA amounted to RMB329 million, as compared to approximately RMB130 million in the same period last year, which was mainly attributable to the marked increase in operating proﬁt brought on by the signiﬁ cant increase in revenue. The EBITDA margin was 16.7%, as compared to 10.1% in the same period last year, which was mainly attributable to the increase of gross margin brought on by the signiﬁcant increase in sales revenue and a marked decrease of the general and administrative expenses ratio as compared to the same period last year. For the period ended at 30 June 2012, the Board does not recommend the payment of interim dividend. The Group’s principal sources of capital include listing proceeds, cash from operations, and bank borrowings. As at 30 June 2012, the Group’s bank borrowings amounted to approximately million, representing a decrease of approximately RMB7 million as compared to 31 December 2011. Among which, borrowings repayable within one year amounted to approximately RMB473 million, representing a decrease of RMB27 million as compared to 31 December 2011. As at 30 June 2012, the Group’s cash and cash equivalents amounted to approximately RMB1,982 million, representing an increase of approximately RMB1,130 million as compared to 31 December During the Period, due to an improvement in the Group’s debt collection, net operating cash inﬂow from operations amounted to approximately RMB1,299 million; net cash inﬂ ow from investing activities amounted to approximately million, which was due to the sale of other ﬁnancial assets during the period; net cash outﬂow from ﬁnancing activities amounted to approximately RMB193 million, which was mainly for the payment of dividends and to repurchase shares for the share award scheme; and net cash inﬂow due to the effect of foreign exchange changes amounted to approximately RMB3 million. As at 30 June 2012, the Group’s total assets amounted to approximately RMB8,762 million, representing an increase of approximately RMB2,070 million or 30.9% as compared to 31 December 2011. Among which, current assets amounted to approximately RMB6,203 million, accounting for approximately 70.8% of total assets, which were mainly listing proceeds, inventories and trade receivables. Non-current assets amounted to approximately RMB2,560 million, accounting for approximately 29.2% of total assets. As at 30 June 2012, the Group’s total liabilities amounted to approximately RMB4,493 million, representing an increase of approximately RMB1,975 million as compared to 31 December 2011. Among which, current liabilities amounted to approximately RMB4,067 million, accounting for approximately 90.5% of total liabilities. Non-current liabilities amounted to approximately RMB425 million, accounting for approximately 9.5% of total liabilities. As at 30 June 2012, the Group’s gearing ratio was approximately 51.3%, representing an increase of 13.7 percentage points as compared to 31 December 2011 and was mainly attributable to advanced payments from customers. As at 30 June 2012, total equity amounted to RMB4,270 million, representing an increase of RMB95 million as compared to 31 December 2011. Total equity attributable to equity shareholders of the Company amounted to approximately RMB4,133 million, representing an increase of RMB75 million as compared to 31 December 2011. Non-controlling interests totaled to approximately RMB137 million, representing an increase of RMB20 million as compared to 31 December 2011. Net asset value reached approximately RMB1.29 per share. During the Period, the Group’s earnings per share was approximately RMB6.53 cents, representing an increase of RMB4.89 cents as compared to RMB1.64 cents in the same period last year. As at 30 June 2012, details of the Group’s provisions are set out in note 18 to the interim ﬁ nancial report. As at 30 June 2012, details of the Group’s contingent liabilities are set out in note 23 to the interim ﬁ nancial report. The Group has pledged bank deposits of approximately RMB255 million, representing an increase of approximately RMB190 million as compared with that at 31 December 2011. Capital Expenditure, Major Investment and During the Period, capital expenditure of the Group on infrastructure and technical improvements amounted to approximately million, representing an increase of approximately RMB154 million as compared to the same period last year. This was mainly due to the development of offshore construction projects and deployment of drilling rigs for oil & gas engineering services. As at 30 June 2012, the Group had capital commitments of approximately RMB1,448 million, which will be used for the construction of Jiangsu Qidong offshore manufacturing base and expansion of the Group’s business as well as its production capacity. The Group has certain foreign currency deposits. As at 30 June 2012, the Group’s foreign currency deposits were equivalent to approximately RMB922 million, trade receivables and other receivables denominated in foreign currency were equivalent to approximately RMB335 million. Exports and foreign currencies settled business exposed the Group to exchange risk. The Group has managed to mitigate the exchange risks through entering into forward exchange rate swap contracts and price adjustment during contract negotiation in consideration of future exchange rate circumstances. Use of Proceeds from the Initial Public The net proceeds after the deduction of the related expenses from the initial public offering were approximately HK$2,958 million. To enhance the Group’s operating capacity, the Group has adjusted the use of some of the proceeds. As at 30 June 2012, the use of the net proceeds was as follows: proceeds of HK$975 million to be used for the offshore project, among which all has been incurred; proceeds of HK$592 million to be used for the enlargement of oil and gas exploration, provision of products and services, oil and gas engineering services and oil and gas resources exploration, as well as other businesses which can create proﬁtability for the Group, among which HK$393 million has been incurred; proceeds of HK$354 million to be used for production capacity expansion and research and development expenses, among which all has been incurred; proceeds of HK$1,037 million to be used as working capital and day to day expenses, all has been incurred. During Period, average number of Group’s employees was The total remuneration and beneﬁts amounted to approximately RMB201 million, representing an increase of RMB39 million or approximately 24.1% as compared to the same period last year. It was mainly attributable to 147 additional personnel were employed during the Period. The Group continuously optimised its organisational and workforce structure, as well as made adjustments to roles and responsibilities according to its human resources planning. The Group continued to take efﬁcient measures in reducing staff costs and proactively introduced strategic talents. According to its remuneration policy, the Group offered remuneration based on employees’ job duties and individual capability in order to establish a competitive and fair system. The Group also emphasised on team work and individual work performance, as well as clearly established rewards and penalties, and delivered the Group’s organisation goals to the staff, allowing them to achieve them through team work. The Group strives to enhance the remuneration and beneﬁts system, so as to achieve its goals and promote its teams to improve performance, and enhance the working ability, job satisfaction and sense of accomplishment of its employees. 