Our principal project is the Renison Tin Project which the Group has 41% interest in. The Renison Tin Project is located in Tasmania, Australia and is comprised of Renison Mine, the Mount Bischoff open pit tin mining project and the Rentails tailing processing project. Renison Mine has been one of the major hard rock tin mines in the world and the largest tin mine in Australia. A combination of factors in the first half of 2012, including a global economic slowdown plus a retreat in the expansion of fixed assets investments and manufacturing activities in China, caused a major setback of tin industry as well as the Group’s businesses in the first half of the year 2012. During the Period, despite the negative external environment, the Group still focused on consolidating its business foundation, including further exploration of new resources and reserves of tin and copper. Following a highly successful year of exploration at the Renison Mine, the annual calculation of resources and reserves of Renison Mine had result in a large increase. The total mining reserve estimate for the Renison Mine had increased by 23% or 8,500 tonnes of contained tin metal. The total mineral resource estimate for the Renison Mine had increased by 13% or 17,700 tonnes of contained tin metal. This increase will strengthen the foundation of Renison Mine for stable production in the future and will eventually be a boost to the profitability of the Renison Mine and the Group. Moreover, a huge progress of the estimation of mineral resources and mining reserve estimates of copper had been made. The copper occurs with and is mined and recovered as a consequence of mining tin. A copper recovery circuit was introduced into the process plant in 2010. As this is the first time in the history of operations that copper has been recovered from the ore, many of the historical drill holes were not assayed for copper, resulting in an underestimation of the contained copper. A new line of business of selling copper was therefore introduced and will serve the Group as a new factor for profit growth for the years to come. Further to the completion of the acquisition of Renison Mine Project which took place on 4 March 2011, the Company has participated in the management of the joint venture formed by YT Parksong Australia Holdings Pty Ltd (“YTPAH”) and Bluestone Mines Tasmania Pty Ltd (“BMT”) entering into a joint venture agreement and each of the ventures holds 50% interest in certain mining projects (“Joint Venture”) and noticed that there were production schedule shortfalls (the “Shortfall”) of the tin ores from the mines of the Joint Venture (the “Mines”). In view of the Shortfall issue, the management of the Joint Venture has focused on resolving the issue by replacing and purchasing new equipments, review the possibility of changing the contractor and hiring additional human resources and these measures continue to be carried out. The management of the Joint Venture assessed the Shortfall from time to time and considered the Shortfall which occurred in 2011 would not persist and the aforesaid problems causing the Shortfall could be resolved in the short run. Therefore, the Company concluded in December 2011 that the Shortfall occurred in 2011, which the management of the Company considered to be temporary, would have no material impact on the valuation of the Assets of the Joint Venture (the “Valuation”). With the hindsight of the above, when the Company has further engaged in the management of the Joint Venture and being provided with more information, analysis and experience in the Joint Venture, the Company found out that the Shortfall has become more consistent and the problems that the Joint Venture were facing will not be able to resolve satisfactorily and promptly. The actual tin ore production of the Joint Venture as at 31 December 2011 was 499,189 tonnes. As a result, in March 2012, the Company has agreed to lower the production schedule of the tin ores from the Mines from 660,000 tonnes per annum to 550,000 tonnes per annum. The management of the Joint Venture has been working hard to achieve the target production capacity and with a view to make up the Shortfall as soon as possible. MINING AND RESOURCE RECYCLING LIMITED (Continued) Pursuant to the Sale and Purchase Agreement (as supplemented), Mr. Chan Kon Fung (the “Vendor”) warranted the contained tin concentrate from the Mines for each of the three anniversaries of 12 months from the Completion Date (i.e 4 March 2011) shall not be less than 6,500 tonnes (the “Warranty”). On or about August 2011, the Company was made aware that the contained tin concentrate from the Mines may not meet the amount as warranted under the Warranty and pursuant to the procedures in the Sale and Purchase Agreement (as supplemented) which requires a claim to be made on the date falling six months from the Completion Date, Gallop Pioneer Limited (“GPL”) (being the purchaser and a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company), demanded a sum of US$2,059,897 from the Vendor, being an estimate of the losses that GPL has suffered as a result of the breach of the Warranty (the “Demand”). The Vendor and GPL had arranged and attended a mediation in relation to the disputes regarding the Demand (the “Mediation”) on 16 August 2012. However, no settlement had been reached in the Mediation and no further mediation will be carried out. The parties will proceed with the legal proceedings and the next stage shall be the filing and exchange of witness statements. The Group understands that the Demand will not affect the obligations of the Vendor nor the rights of GPL under the Sale and Purchase Agreement (as supplemented) in relation to the Warranty. For the first anniversary of the Completion, the actual production volume of the contained tin in concentrate from the Mines was 4,980 tonnes. MINING AND RESOURCE RECYCLING LIMITED (Continued) In relation to the Rentails project, as disclosed previously in the Circular, the Board anticipated that the expected source of funding of the Rentails project in the amount of approximately AUD213,000,000 would be from the cash generating from the operation of the Mines. As a result of the decrease in the tin price in 2011 and the issue of the Shortfall, in order to provide funding for the Rentails project, the Company has considered opening up options to fund the Rentails project such as raising funds from the market. However, given the current market sentiment, no terms on the funding have been materialized. In view of such, the Joint Venture does not have any active plan for the development of the Rentails project currently. As a result of the above, the Company assigned no value to the Rentails project when it recorded the acquisition of the entire share capital of Parksong Mining and Resource Recycling Limited (“Parksong Mining”) (The “Acquisition”) as at the date of the Completion and for the financial year ended 31 December 2011. YTPAH, a subsidiary of the Company, had issue a notice to BMT, a subsidiary of Metals X Limited, purporting to exercise an option to acquire a further 10% interest in its Tasmanian Tin Joint Venture from BMT. The board of Metals X Limited believed that this option was previously relinquished by YTPAH and the purported notice to exercise the option is therefore of no effect. The Company believed that YTPAH is still entitled to the right to exercise the aforesaid option. The Company is currently seeking legal advice to defend and/or counter-claim its interests in relation to the above and will make further announcement(s) as and when appropriate to keep the shareholders informed of the material developments in this matter. The Group’s unaudited consolidated revenue for the six months ended 30 June 2012 was approximately HK$170.0 million (2011: HK$199.3 million) representing a year on year decrease of 14.7% as compared to the same period last year. Cost of sales includes mainly direct material costs, direct labor costs and manufacturing overhead absorbed during the production process of our products. It was approximately HK$215.1 million and HK$166.9 million for the six months ended 30 June 2012 and 2011, representing respectively 126.5% and 83.7% of the revenue recorded in the respective years. The substantial increase in cost of sales is mainly due to the increase in costs paid to the mining contractor, the efficiency of which had decreased. During the period under review, more fees had been paid to the contractor while the products produced remained at the same level as that of last year. The Group had a gross profit margin at 16.3% for the six months ended 30 June 2011 and made a sharp turn during the period under review and posted a gross loss margin at 26.5%. The decrease in revenue and the gross loss posted by the Group during the period are due to the fact that the tin price took a nasty dive after the completion of the acquisition of the Renison Mine from a record high USD33,255 per tonne in April 2011 to USD18,775 per tonne as at 30 June 2011. The Group had sold 1,110 tonnes and 1,140 tonnes of tin metal for the six months ended 30 June 2012 and 2011 respectively. However, the plunge in tin price and increase in cost of sales made the decrease in revenue and gross loss inevitable even though the Group sold almost the same amount of tin metal in terms of tonnage in first half of both years. FINANCIAL REVIEW (Continued) Administration expenses, which represented approximately 21.9% of the Group’s revenue, decreased by approximately 55.0% from HK$82.8 million for the six months ended 30 June 2011 to approximately HK$37.2 million for the six months ended 30 June 2012. The decrease was mainly attributable to the fact that share-based payment expenses, additional professional fee on acquisition and related expenses were incurred in the same period of last year but there was no such extra costs incurred during the period under review. The Group recorded other losses of approximately HK$88.4 million for the six months ended 30 June 2012 while the Group recorded other gains of approximately HK$44.2 million for the six months ended 30 June 2011. The other losses for the period under review mainly as a result of loss on fair value change of derivative financial instruments and held-for-trading investments. Finance costs representing 22.0% (2011: 9.8%) of the Group’s revenue, increased from HK$19.4 million for the year ended 30 June 2011 to HK$37.3 million for the year ended 30 June 2012. Such increase mainly due to the effective interest expense on the Convertible Bonds defined below. FINANCIAL REVIEW (Continued) Finance costs (Continued) Pursuant to the sale and purchase agreement of Acquisition, part of the consideration is settled by issuance of convertible bonds. On the Completion Date, the Company issued zero-coupon convertible bonds with principal amount of HK$773.5 million with maturity of five years (the “Convertible Bonds”). The Convertible Bonds were denominated in HK$ and entitled the holders to convert them into shares of the Company at any time within 5 years from the date of issue of the Convertible Bonds, at the conversion price of HK$1.47 per share. If the Convertible Bonds had not been converted, they would be redeemed on 3 March 2016 at par. The Convertible Bonds contained two components, liability and equity elements. The equity element was presented in equity under the heading of convertible bonds equity reserve. The effective interest rate of the liability component was 20.12% at the date of initial recognition. The Group recorded net deferred tax credit of approximately HK$52.4 million and recorded no income tax expense for the period ended 30 June 2012. Deferred tax credit is arisen from the change in temporary difference of derivative financial instruments and amortization of mining rights. The Group’s operation results recorded a loss of HK$136.3 million for the six months ended 30 June 2012 (2011: loss of HK$46.0 million). The Group financed its operations through internally generated cash flows and bank borrowings. At 30 June 2012, the Group did not have any bank facilities but had obligations under finance lease of approximately HK$35.3 million. The obligations under finance lease were mainly in Australian Dollars (“AUD”). The gearing ratio of the Group, calculated as a ratio of bank borrowings to total assets, was 3.5% as at 30 June 2012 (31 December 2011: 3.6%). Gearing ratio remained consistent during the period. As at 30 June 2012, the Group had net current liabilities of approximately HK$14.7 million (31 December 2011: net current assets HK$171.6 million). Current ratio as at 30 June 2012 was 0.93 (31 December 2011: 1.87). The net cash position of the Group as at 30 June 2012 was approximately HK$92.3 million (31 December 2011: HK$126.1 million). The Group has bank balances, obligations under finance lease, sales and purchases denominated in foreign currencies, which expose the Group to foreign currency risk. The currency risk for those subsidiaries with functional currency in HK$ is mainly attributable to the bank balances, trade receivables, trade payable and obligations under finance lease denominated in AUD and Renminbi (“RMB”) as at the balance sheet date. Exchange rate fluctuation of RMB and AUD may affect the Group’s performance and asset value. However, we managed to balance the RMB and AUD assets and liabilities in order to minimize the exchange exposure. The Group currently does not maintain a foreign currency hedging policy. However, the management monitors foreign exchange exposure and will consider hedging significant foreign currency exposure should the need arise. As at 30 June 2012, our obligations under finance lease of HK$35.3 million was secured by property, plant and equipment of an amount of approximately HK$152 million (2011: nil). As at 30 June 2012 saved for the litigation as set out in more details in note 18, the Group had no other material contingent liabilities. The Board has resolved not to declare an interim dividend for the period (2011: Nil). There was no material acquisition and disposal during the period under review. As at 30 June 2012, the Group employed approximately 31 employees (2011: 450). The Group implemented its remuneration policy, bonus and share option scheme based on the achievements and performance of the employees. The Group also participates in the Mandatory Provident Fund Scheme in Hong Kong and stated-owned retirement benefit scheme in the PRC. The employees for mining operation are employed by Bluestone Mines Tasmania Joint Venture Pty Ltd. (“BMTJV”) on behalf of YTPAH and BMT. These BMTJV employees and the employees of YTPAH are members of a state-managed retirement benefit scheme in Australia (Superannuation fund). The Group continues to provide training facilities to the staff to enhance knowledge of industry quality standards. Following a highly successful year of exploration at the Renison Tin Project, an extensive exploration and resource development drilling campaign targeting both surface and underground targets was conducted over Renison mine. As of 30 June 2012, 15,950 meters of core holes in total has been drilled for exploration purpose and the drilling program had effectively increased the amount of indicated resources and probable reserves. As of 30 June 2012, the JORC compliant resources and reserves of Renison are categorized as follows: Upgraded Resource and Reserve Estimates for Renison as at 30 June 2012 (kt) Grade % Sn(t) As of 30 June 2012, extensive development was conducted, mainly over Renison. 801 meter of capital waste, 310 meter of capital decline and 1,392 meter of sill development were advanced during the period. During the first half year of 2012, 2,563 tons of tin metal was produced from Renison from 284,675 ton processed ores averaging 1.43% Sn. No major exploration, development or production activities were carried out for Rentails. ESTIMATED TIN RESERVES AND RESOURCES (Continued) Upgraded Resource and Reserve Estimates for Renison as at 30 June 2012 (Continued) Up to 30 June 2012, a total of HK$111,223,266 capital expenditure was incurred for exploration, development or production activities. The details of the expenditure are shown as follows: Capital Expenditure Up to 30 June 2012 ESTIMATED TIN RESERVES AND RESOURCES (Continued) The latest resource and reserve estimates for Renison, Mount Bischoff and Rentails are summarized as follows: Total Resource and Reserve Estimates as at 30 June 2012 (Mt) Grade % Sn(t) Looking into the second half of 2012, the Directors expect that the conditions of tin mining industry remain very challenging. Under the ever-changing market environment, we overcome all difficulties with concerted efforts through strengthening our internal management process and promoting efficient cost control and capital utilization so as to enhance economic benefit. Looking ahead, we will continue our active development strategies, exploring new technologies to develop the Rentails, which is still a huge potential to the Group, as a new profit growth spot. Therefore, the Group will generate the greatest return for shareholders. 