triggered by the end market volatility due to the European and global economic slow-down, the emergence of new service/applications centric business models and resulting in our customers’ continuous struggle in their market share protection battle. Market dynamics shifted drastically and created tough challenges for some industry players as well as the Group. Though we spent major efforts in soliciting new customers’ businesses and streamlining our operations, it was clear that our total capacity was still over our demand level. In line with the consolidation of our major PRC manufacturing capabilities in our northern sites by the end of 2011, further consolidation continued in our Shenzhen site with re-locations of teams and business into our northern PRC sites to counter continuous business and market dynamics and challenges. Through such consolidation, re-organization of our business operations into smaller and responsive teams had continued. We had also continued to explore and develop smart phone ODM business with our existing and new customers. While we believe that we still remained as the major supply chain partner to our existing customers, our aggressive business development efforts remain a top priority in providing more services in the value chain to our customers and getting new businesses. As at 30 June 2012, the Group had a cash balance of US$1,997 million. The cash balance is expected to be able to finance our operations. Our gearing ratio, expressed as a percentage of interest bearing external borrowings of US$704 million (2011: US$483 million) over total assets of US$5,516 million (2011: US$5,612 million), was 12.76% (2011: 8.61%). External borrowings increased in the first half of 2012 mainly to meet the operating cash demand; most of the borrowings were denominated in US Dollars and some of them were denominated in Japanese Yen and Euro. The Group borrowed according to real demand and there were no bank committed borrowing facilities and no seasonality of borrowing requirements. The outstanding interest bearing external borrowings were all at fixed rate ranging from 0.96% to 3.55% per annum with original maturity of one to three months. Net cash from operating activities for the six months ended 30 June 2012 was US$251 million. MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS (Continued) Liquidity and Financial Resources (Continued) Net cash from investing activities for the six months ended 30 June 2012 was US$3 million, of which, mainly, US$26 million represented the expenditures on property, plant and equipment related to the facilities in our major sites in the PRC, US$34 million represented placement in bank deposit, US$17 million represented consideration received for disposals of interest in Guang Ming, US$13 million represented deposits received in respect of assets held for sale, US$4 million represented the net cash outflow from loss of control over a subsidiary, US$16 million represented deposits refunded in respect of assets held for sale, US$45 million represented proceeds on disposal of property, plant and equipment, and US$8 million represented net proceeds on partial disposal of an associate. Net cash from financing activities for the six months ended 30 June 2012 was US$235 million, primarily due to net increase in bank loans of US$221 million and proceeds of US$14 million from the issue of shares to employees for such period. In order to mitigate foreign currency risks, the Group actively utilized natural hedge technique to manage its foreign currency exposures by non-financial methods, such as managing the transaction currency, leading and lagging payments, receivable management, etc. Besides, the Group sometimes entered into short-term foreign currency forward contracts (usually with tenor less than 6 months) to hedge the currency risk resulting from its short-term bank loans (usually with tenors less than 6 months) denominated in foreign currencies. Also, the Group, from time to time, utilized a variety of foreign currency forward contracts to hedge its exposure to foreign currencies. As at 30 June 2012, the capital commitment of the Group was US$32.7 million (2011: US$67.1 million). Usually, the capital commitment will be funded by cash generated from operations. A subsidiary of the Company has pledged its corporate assets of approximately US$1.6 million (2011: US$1.7 million) to secure general banking facilities granted to the Group. 