Management Discussion and In 2016, facing the complex and volatile domestic and overseas economic environment, together with the effect of policies such as the structural reforms of supply side policies, the appropriate expansion of the total demands and the steady promotion of reforms, the national economy maintained an overall stable and improving development trend, and achieved a good commencement of the Thirteenth Five-Year Plan. According to the statistics of the National Bureau of Statistics of the People’s Republic of China, in 2016, the GDP grew by 6.7% on a year-on-year basis calculated based on the comparable price, while the national disposable income per capita increased by 8.4% on a year-on-year basis, with an actual growth rate of 6.3% after deducting price factors. During the same period, the accumulative value of retail sales of social consumer goods increased by 10.4%, while the accumulative value of retail sales of furniture category and construction and decoration material categories increased by 14.0%, both on a year-on- year basis. According to the statistics of Frost & Sullivan, in 2016, the retail sales of the home improvement and furnishings retail market increased to RMB2,597.7 billion, grew by 9.4% on a year-on-year basis. The CAGR is expected to be 11.1% in the coming ﬁ ve years, and the growth in the industry will be higher than that of China’s macro economy. CAGR=11.48% CAGR=11.12% Retail Sales Value (in 100 million) Growth rate (%) Retail Sales Value (left axis) Growth rate (right axis) According to the statistics of Frost & Sullivan, in 2016, in terms of sales, we dominated 11.8% of the chain home improvement and furnishings retail mall sector, representing 4.5% of the shopping mall sector, and the largest market share in China’s home improvement and furnishings retail industry. The “overall stable and improving” development trend, the continuous promotion of urbanization process and the increase of citizens’ income level provide favorable conditions for the continuing development of social consumer goods market; meanwhile, compared with the overall performance in social consumer goods market, the market performance of home improvement and furnishings industry was stronger, which indicated the increasing domestic demand for home improvement and furnishings. In addition, the second interior decoration and the consumption upgrade for home appliance also bring room for continuous development for the industry. Annual Report 2016 Business development and presence: stable development of shopping malls and strategic As at the end of the Reporting Period, we operated a total of 200 shopping malls with a total operating area of 12,692,393 sq.m. in 142 cities in 28 provinces, municipalities, and autonomous regions in China. Through the two- pronged business model of Portfolio Shopping Malls and Managed Shopping Malls, we occupied properties in prime locations of Tier I and Tier II Cities, at the same time accumulated extensive experience in operating shopping malls, constantly strengthened the brand value, and set a relatively high barrier of entry for other companies. The following map sets forth the geographical distribution of our shopping malls as at the end of the Reporting Period: Business development and presence: stable development of shopping malls and strategic presence with a nationwide coverage (continued) The following table sets forth the number and operating area of our Portfolio Shopping Malls and Managed Shopping Malls in operation by region as at the end of Reporting Period: Region(1) (Municipality/ Administrative Region) No. of shopping Operating Area (m2) No. of Shopping Operating Area (m2) North China (excluding Beijing, Tianjin) East China (excluding Shanghai) Southwest China (excluding Chongqing) Note: The information disclosed above is obtained according to the following statistic standards. The provinces, municipalities and autonomous regions of the PRC are divided into 7 large regions and 4 municipalities (excluding Hong Kong, Macau and Taiwan regions), among which, Northeast China includes Heilongjiang Province, Jilin Province, Liaoning Province; North China (excluding Beijing and Tianjin) includes Shanxi Province, Hebei Province, Inner Mongolia Autonomous Region; East China (excluding Shanghai) includes Shandong Province, Jiangsu Province, Zhejiang Province, Anhui Province, Jiangxi Province, Fujian Province; Central China includes Hunan Province, Hubei Province, Henan Province; South China includes Hainan Province, Guangdong Province, Guangxi Zhuang Autonomous Region; Northwest China includes Shaanxi Province, Gansu Province, Qinghai Province, Ningxia Hui Autonomous Region, Xinjiang Uygur Autonomous Region; Southwest China (excluding Chongqing) includes Yunnan Province, Sichuan Province, Guizhou Province, Tibet Autonomous Region; 4 municipalities are Beijing, Shanghai, Tianjin and Chongqing respectively. Annual Report 2016 Business development and presence: stable development of shopping malls and strategic presence with a nationwide coverage (continued) During the Reporting Period, we continued to strategically locate our Portfolio Shopping Malls in prime locations in Tier I and Tier II Cities, especially in municipalities. As at the end of the Reporting Period, we operated 66 Portfolio Shopping Malls covering a total operating area of 5,083,326 sq.m. with an average occupancy rate of 96.7%. Among these Portfolio Shopping Malls, 18 Portfolio Shopping Malls, representing 27.3% of the total number of Portfolio Shopping Malls, were located in the four municipalities of Beijing, Shanghai, Tianjin and Chongqing. The operating area of the aforesaid Portfolio Shopping Malls was 1,511,480 sq.m., representing 29.7% of the total operating area of the Portfolio Shopping Malls. The same mall growth of mature shopping malls(1) during the Reporting Period was 5.2%. During the Reporting Period, we opened eight new Portfolio Shopping Malls, and three Managed Shopping Mall were converted into Portfolio Shopping Malls. As at the end of the Reporting Period, we had 22 pipeline Portfolio Shopping Malls. We will continue to focus on the prime locations of Tier I and Tier II Cities to strategically expand our Portfolio Shopping Malls network in the future. In addition, with a reputable brand name in the home improvement and furnishings industry and extensive experience in shopping mall development, strength in tenant sourcing and operational management, we continued to rapidly develop Managed Shopping Malls in Tier III Cities and Other Cities. We also established a strict internal screening and reviewing mechanism to ensure steady and rapid development of our Managed Shopping Malls. As at the end of the Reporting Period, we had 134 Managed Shopping Malls in operation covering a total operating area of 7,609,067 sq.m., with an average occupancy rate of 96.2%. Among these Managed Shopping Malls, 90 Managed Shopping Malls, representing 67.2% of the total number of Managed Shopping Malls, were located at East China and North China. The operating area of the aforesaid Managed Shopping Malls was 5,088,036 sq.m., representing 66.9% of the total operating area of Managed Shopping Malls. During the Reporting Period, we opened 20 new Managed Shopping Malls and closed ﬁ ve Managed Shopping Malls. In addition, three Managed Shopping Malls were converted into Portfolio Shopping Malls. As at the end of the Reporting Period, we had 316 pipeline Managed Shopping Malls under contracts and have obtained land licenses for these projects. Along with steady social and economic development of the country, further development of urbanization strategy, and stable growth in disposable income per capita, we will focus on increasing the rate of expansion of our Managed Shopping Malls business throughout China as our priority. Note: “Same mall growth of mature shopping malls” is the growth in average effective unit income from operation for a particular period compared with the same period in the prior year for all Portfolio Shopping Malls that were in operation for at least three ﬁ nancial years and were still in operation as at the end of the Reporting Period. In line with the Group’s business development and to better present the performance of our business operation, we have introduced the “same mall growth of mature shopping malls” as another business operation indicator. Continuously improve the strategic layout of our shopping malls, implement new business strategies and lead the Based on the understanding of the home furnishings consumption trend, the research of all sorts of bestseller products and the analysis of the consumption trend in home furnishings market of various cities, we continuously adjusted the combination of product brand and category in shopping malls to cater for various consumers, market situation and competition status. We endeavored to introduce ﬂ agship stores of major brands that meet consumers’ demand, improved the layout of shopping malls and diversiﬁ ed channels for furnishings brands to display their image by opening street-front stores; meanwhile, we also enhanced our customized house-ﬁ lling products in line with the changing furnishing and decoration market; emerging product categories including overall designs for living rooms and original designs were introduced and promoted in major cities such as Shanghai, Shenzhen, Beijing, Nanjing and Suzhou. Besides, combining cupboards and kitchen appliances, we launched consumption experience interactive programs with kitchen themes so as to enhance consumers’ experience and strengthen their loyalty. In addition, we maintained diversiﬁ ed businesses to enrich category portfolio by combining the location environment of the shopping mall, property structure and characteristics of consumption need; we continued on incorporating experiential categories such as soft decoration and catering; meanwhile, we piloted the project of “Home Decoration Experience Center” in 12 shopping malls all over the country so as to meet consumers’ increasing demand of home decoration design and successfully introduced tens designer studios, which provided design consultation and decoration service for consumers and increased the ﬂ ow volume in shopping malls. As at the end of the Reporting Period, the operation area of new-type of business including soft decoration, home decoration design and catering have increased by 26% compared with the corresponding period in 2015. We lead the consumption trend of the home furnishings industry by continuously improving the layout of shopping malls, implementing the strategy of new business and enhancing the consumers’ shopping experience. Enhance the standards of our reﬁ ned rental management and improve our tenant sourcing management Based on the original mode of rent pricing analysis, we enlarged the scope of sample shopping mall and display booth for analysis, and further reﬁ ned the object and indicator of sample analysis. We also formulated rent pricing models for display booths in different shopping malls and with different categories and classes through “structural rent-increasing analysis” and other regularity analysis approaches, which provided more scientiﬁ c rent pricing basis for lease-signing of new commercial tenants and lease-renewal of old commercial tenants with shopping malls, thereby improving the rent level of shopping malls. In addition, we have improved the tenant sourcing management mechanism for new businesses by adopting an all-round examination tool to follow up the progress of the tenant sourcing; we compiled and promoted the Instruction Manual for Catering Tenant Sourcing ( ) and Instruction Manual for Small Business Owners to Fit-out ( ), to provide reference for ﬁ tting-out issues and catering tenant sourcing. Annual Report 2016 Business management: Continuous improvement of shopping mall operation and management (continued) Tenant sourcing management (continued) Constantly strengthen the management of brand resources and enhance the value-added services provided to For brand factory customers, we regularly studied the consumption trends in home improvement and furnishings industry, analyzed competitive pattern of every factory in accordance with these consumption trends and issued reports on the development of brand management; aiming at the operating status of the factories, we provided recommendations on customized product innovation, market development and upgrade of terminal operating mode of the dealers in order to promote innovation in product development and the transformation and upgrading of the marketing mode. At the same time, we made innovation in service mode, provided dealer referral service for some brand factories and continuously optimized the service platform. We also kept an eye on the future business-expanding opportunities and enhanced interaction between core dealers in system via pushing of industry dynamics and tenant sourcing information, brand recommendation, business forum and other approaches, which also boosted the loyalty of core dealers and laid a foundation for follow-up business expansion. These measures have been widely recognized and praised by numerous brands that we cooperated with, thus we have become the benchmarking enterprise that is truly able to provide value-added services in the home improvement and furnishings industry. During the Reporting Period, we have signed strategic contracts with 132 brand factories. During the Reporting Period, we stepped up our efforts in introduction of global brands. By creating a database, we effectively managed our dealers for imported furnishings brands, who rendered great support to the introduction of imported furnishings brands and accelerated the brand integration processes in international pavilions of respective shopping malls. In addition to the international pavilions established in Tier I and Tier II Cities, we also deeply investigated potential market to prepare for expansion of global brands in the new emerging market. As at the end of the Reporting Period, the global brands we owned amounted to 2,208. Business management: Continuous improvement of shopping mall operation and management (continued) We promoted the “Word of Mouth Advertising” project comprehensively, setting high standards for and strict requirements on shopping mall operation in respect of price, quality and service etc. In terms of pricing, we continued to promote the ﬁ rst system of “Discount Control on Home Furnishings Industry” in the industry to guide the factories and dealers to adjust the inﬂ ated price, rectify the phenomenon of “high pricing, high discount”, promote reasonable pricing and guide value sales. Based on this system, we took sufﬁ cient interaction with NDRC, jointly completed and piloted Management Regulations for Price-clearly-marked Exhibition Room of Red Star Macalline ( ). During the Reporting Period, we have got written approval for implementation from local price management authorities of 12 cities such as Suzhou, Jinan and Yangzhou. In addition, we implemented strict price management nationwide through all- channel price comparison system and ensured reasonable commodity pricing. Annual Report 2016 Business management: Continuous improvement of shopping mall operation and management (continued) Operational management (continued) Improving customer satisfaction through “Word of Mouth Advertising” project (continued) In terms of quality, leveraging on the Ministry of Commerce, the General Administration of Quality Supervision, Inspection and Quarantine of the PRC (the “AQSIQ”), together with the China Quality Certiﬁ cation Center, we launched the “Query Platform of Chinese Household Certiﬁ ed Products” in December 2015, which realised the detection of counterfeit household products. As at the end of the Reporting Period, we completed the system upload training with 280 major brands, and more than 4.6 million pieces of products were labeled. Besides, during the Reporting Period, we ﬁ nished source commodity sampling and inspection and evaluation of production quality control system for 238 factories. We also successfully issued “2016 List of Green and Environmental Protection Home Furnishings Leading Brands Recommended by Red Star Macalline”. We cooperated with external national standard compilation experts and jointly complied the Environmental Quality Assessment Standards for Red Star Macalline Products ( ), an industry standard about product quality which has been ﬁ led in Technical Supervision Bureau of National Quality Inspection Administration. In terms of services, we have launched the ﬁ rst “15-minute Refund” service in the industry which can be completed within 15 minutes from the customers putting forward the refund demand to all the refund formalities being completed. In addition, the Company has built up a uniﬁ ed image of national service personnel, established a uniﬁ ed service standard and launched in 126 pilot shopping malls. Moreover, we carried out the activity of “Return Visit for One Million Customers”, which provided visiting service for customers and surveyed them with questionnaires, thereby increasing the interaction with customers and boosting their satisfaction. During the Reporting Period, the “Word of Mouth Advertising” project was promoted successfully in 123 shopping malls nationwide, and we won the 2016 Retail Innovation Prize awarded by CCFA (China Chain Store & Franchise Association, ). Business management: Continuous improvement of shopping mall operation and management (continued) Operational management (continued) Improving customer satisfaction through “word of mouth advertising” project (continued) In terms of operational standards, we compiled the “Environmental Quality Assessment Standards for Red Star Macalline Products ( ) during the Reporting Period and have applied for the ﬂ ing of industrial standards. Our “Credit Classiﬁ cation Management of Tenants” was nominated by the Publicity Department of the CPC Central Committee and recommended by the Ministry of Commerce of the People’s Republic of China (the “Ministry of Commerce”) as one of the “100 Renowned Experiences of Cultivating and Practicing the Socialist Core Values” cases; it was selected by the Ministry of Commerce as the “Key Propulsion Unit of Business Integrity Construction” in China, and participated in the drafting of laws and regulations of “Guiding Opinions of the Ministry of Commerce on Promoting and Standardizing the Construction of Credit Rating Mechanism for Marketization” ( ). We completed the information sharing of our credit platform in March 2016, which is one of the ﬁ rst sub platforms of the Shanghai Commercial Credit Public Service Platform ( ) and was selected as “2016 Top Ten Typical Cases of Credit in Shanghai”. Besides, we formulated 2016 Inspection Standard for Imported Home Furnishing Products Recommended by Red Star Macalline ( 2016 ), the ﬁ rst certiﬁ cation system in home furnishing industry, which provided helpful reference for management of imported home furnishing products in China. We consolidated the information of space and operation of shopping malls and converted complicated data into user-friendly charts by using digital space management, and we systematically managed the KPI indicators of our malls including occupation of exhibition space, rental rates, occupancy rate and collection rate with our visualised space management platform, which improved the overall operation efﬁ ciency of our malls. In terms of environmental protection, we continued to promote the campaigns of “Leading Green” brand appraisal, and initiated an omni-directional quality management system for pre-sales, sales and after-sales, to ensure the standard of healthy living of each consumer. During the Reporting Period, over 368 famous home furnishings brands had proactively participated in the campaign of “Leading Green” brand appraisal. Our shopping malls provide “Leading Green Brands Appraisal of Home Improvement and Furnishings” manuals as professional guidance for consumers to buy healthy and environmental-friendly products. At the same time, the “Green Household Consumption Festival” campaign was launched across our shopping malls on an ad-hoc basis. Annual Report 2016 In the celebration for 30th anniversary, we produced a brand image ﬁ lm, Better Routine, and also put forward the slogan of “Design for Chinese Life” to clarify that we are devoted to bringing better quality life for every Chinese family. The brand image ﬁ lm won the prize of the most inﬂ uential brand in the international advertisement festival in Fusan, Korea. Business management: Continuous improvement of shopping mall operation and management (continued) Continuingly raising our level of brand communication so as to strengthen our “Home Furnishings Expert” We leverage on a series of nationwide large-scale promotional campaigns such as “The Two Days”, “Sleep Day”, “May Day Holiday”, “Membership Day”, and “Anniversary” and social marketing means to promote the brand and transmit the positioning as “Home Furnishings Expert”, thereby boosting the continued dissemination effectiveness of the brand. We actively promoted the concept of “Home Life Aesthetic” and promoted high-quality home concepts by We- media platforms such as “WeChat” to lead the home consumer values. At the same time, we tailored the selection guide and brand communication program with practical value for brands settled in the Red Star platform to enhance the awareness and reputation of cooperation brands in consumers. During the Reporting Period, more than 184 articles regarding the home aesthetic were released and have been read for over 460,000 times in total; there were 28 original articles about selection guide and have been read for over 760,000 times in total. Annual Report 2016 Business management: Continuous improvement of shopping mall operation and management (continued) Marketing management (continued) Continuingly raising our level of brand communication so as to strengthen our “Home Furnishings Expert” corporate image (continued) We place importance on the uniﬁ ed management to the brand image of “Red Star Macalline”. Through digital technology, we developed a brand visual management system, “Brand Rubik’s Cube”, providing solutions to the brand visual management of “One Thousand Appearances for One Thousand Stores and One Appearance for One Thousand Stores”, which not only secured the uniﬁ ed management of the brand image of “Red Star Macalline” throughout the country, but also secured the demonstration of the individuation of different malls, so as to realise systematic, real-time and efﬁ cient management. Upgrading the digital marketing platforms and membership During the Reporting Period, we opened up the online and ofﬂ ine membership systems of shopping malls, corporate ofﬁ cial website, WeChat subscription account, WeChat service account, HXshop.com and home decoration business to achieve the integration of the Red Star Macalline membership system, and conducted uniﬁ ed management of the accounts, rights and experience of members to provide convenient shopping process for members and enables us to better understand the needs of members. By adopting the method of “one code one voucher”, we connected each stage of “propagation – customer accumulation – interaction – consumption – customer accumulation” and established a complete closed-loop marketing strategy which provided data basis for our customer-channeling and comparative analysis of ﬁ nal sales, thereby remarkably improving the efﬁ ciency of sales content advertising. The “Brand Rubik’s Cube” of Red Star Macalline won the management innovation gold prize of ECI Awards. Note: The ECI Awards, founded by the International E-Commerce Innovation Association, is an international award with “innovation” as evaluating standards aiming at the digital business. Business management: Continuous improvement of shopping mall operation and management (continued) Marketing management (continued) Upgrading the digital marketing platforms and membership service systems to carry out socialized membership marketing (continued) We attracted members to proactively take depth interaction with us through Wechat platform, promotion activities, loan of home furnishings and other approaches so as to carry out socialized membership marketing, make us understand users’ demand and further provide customized service and marketing plan, thereby giving members differentiated experience effect and effectively boosting their loyalty. At the same time, we greatly improved the marketing efﬁ ciency and reduced the cost of savings customers by means of increasing the variety of WeChat activities and the number of WeChat pilot cities as well as obtaining the access to WeChat coupons in online and ofﬂ ine shopping malls based on the existing digital marketing platforms (including the online platforms of WeChat subscription account and WeChat service account). As at the end of the Reporting Period, there have been 1.95 million registered WeChat members in total. During the Reporting Period, we recruited 2.14 million new members through various channels including Wechat, shopping mall, property for sale and online platforms. Among which, members with consumption records spent about RMB28,000 on average in the same year and the aggregate tenants sales volume amounted to RMB22.13 billion in total. Note: new members are clients who have registered through online or ofﬂ ine platform during the Reporting Period and have at least one interaction with us. By means of cross-industry cooperation and precision marketing, we constantly extended the marketing channels of home improvement and furnishings shopping malls. As for the market of new houses, we rapidly extended our channels to 6,050 premium housing buildings in 128 cities nationwide by virtue of the strategic cooperation with brand land agents and housing platform agents; in terms of second-hand housing market, we successfully innovated data-marketing mode, which solved two difﬁ culties in second-hand housing market, namely the scattered proprietor distribution and the high communication cost. Through deep industry investigation and concentrated regional trial, we ﬁ nally formed a new marketing mode which took diversiﬁ ed channel data as the core and realised transformation by precise screening and concentrated invitation. Furthermore, we have started to promote and duplicate the mode on a national scale. Annual Report 2016 Business management: Continuous improvement of shopping mall operation and management (continued) Marketing management (continued) Extending the channels with different industries to carry out precision marketing (continued) In August 2016, Red Star Macalline and Greentown Service reached national strategic cooperation, intending to forge a big cooperation league covering brand real estate, real estate platform and nationwide property platform. In addition, we also actively discussed the possibility of cooperation with a number of banks, real estate agents, travel agencies, and car brands. During the Reporting Period, we developed a large number of potential customers through interaction across different industries and precision marketing, and achieved a high conversion rate of potential customer to customer. We established intimate strategic cooperation with all the famous home furnishing brands in the industry within the long-time synergetic development. Through consolidation of factory resources of premium brands, we excavated brand demand deeply, expanded cooperation depth and scope and helped brand factories to carry out customized and exclusive marketing activities. Meanwhile, we promoted this mode in our nationwide home furnishing system, which continuously enhanced market inﬂ uence via cross regional joint-marketing and has become one of the most famous marketing modes in the industry. Business management: Continuous improvement of shopping mall operation and management (continued) Marketing Management (continued) Consolidating factory resources of premium brands to realise collaborating marketing and establish market inﬂ uence (continued) During the Reporting Period, we made continuous innovation in joint marketing mode, promoted service quality and carried out many marketing activities, such as big joint promotion, super brand day, home expo, provincial purchase convention, peak discount and celebrity show. Meanwhile, we beefed up the consolidation of premium resources, introducing tens of famous brand factories sources including Chivas, Xilinmen, Soﬁ a, Kuka and Mellkit. We also jointly organized industry-inﬂ uencing publishing events with several big brands. All these measures remarkably improved brand inﬂ uence and sales level. We advocated energy saving and environmental protection and devoted ourselves to constructing energy-saving and environmentally friendly properties and building green shopping malls. We managed energy and pollution source through the wide application of LED energy and other scientiﬁ c and technological progresses, which beneﬁ ted images of malls and continuously reduced energy consumption. During the Reporting Period, electricity consumption in 47 malls decreased by 4.9% year on year. We conducted daily quantitative management in product protection with failure rate of ground, walls, ceilings, lamps, doors and windows decreasing from 2.7% at the beginning of the year to 1.1%. We made continuous improvements on environmental quality of shopping malls through “Ten Services” standard, namely ground, lighting, toilets, temperature, air, parking lot, greening, etiquettes, waterprooﬁ ng and elevators. Meanwhile, we utilised all sorts of new tools such as cleaning machine of elevators, high-pressure water cannon, balance car, ladder truck, luxmeter and roughness meter, effectively improving work efﬁ ciency and quality. Annual Report 2016 Business management: Continuous improvement of shopping mall operation and management (continued) Property Management (continued) With lifetime of equipment of malls extended, the introduction of different industries like catering industry normalised and the environment of malls increasingly complicated, security control became our new challenge in mall management. We formulated technological requirements and safety standards in system in such high- risk areas such as different industries, neighboring properties and contaminated places. Moreover, we teased out records of risk of malls and guarded against and excluded potential safety problems by a series of work like checking safety problems by professional apparatus and organizing ﬁ re drills and publicity. Given that safety risk of malls depended on people’s responsibility and initiative, we kept enhancing professional training of real property management practitioners and comprehensively evaluated all employees’ performance and lifted their work efﬁ ciency and positivity. During the Reporting Period, we maintained zero accident in terms of ﬁ re, injuries and key facilities, greatly controlled safety risk and constantly raised safety level of malls. Our various business segments that are currently underlying the expansionary phase ﬂ ourished during the Reporting Period. We ofﬁ cially launched the “1001” strategy, based on which we carried out upstream and downstream cross- border business extension, and built up a business life community for pan-home improvement and furnishings industry with the orientation on the “omni-channel platform service provider for the pan-home improvement and furnishings industry” and by upholding the core concept “home”. During the Reporting Period, our internet platform was ofﬁ cially launched, which provided consumers with industry chain services for pan-home improvement and furnishings consumption ranging from home purchase to home renovation and purchase of household-related products. Our household ﬁ nancing services were further extended, with a view to retain and expand our customer and tenant base. We also provided full-range and all-dimensional logistics services to satisfy multiple needs of users on both ends of the platform so as to realise resources sharing. Expanding Business: Robust Development (continued) We have established the internet-based platform building on the concept of “home”, which provides consumers with industry chain services for pan-home improvement and furnishings consumption ranging from home renovation to purchase of household-related products through the online and ofﬂ ine integrative business model. We have fully integrated and shared the business resources of the online home improvement and furnishings consumption platform with its ofﬂ ine real shopping mall network by digitally transforming and upgrading the existing home improvement and furnishings mall. Through these efforts, the Company succeeded in providing convenient and quality services and O2O interactive experience to our customers. At the same time, we had achieved synergies between the ofﬂ ine business and the expansionary business on the internet, further improving overall operation efﬁ ciency and maximizing value creation. Home decoration business is an upstream extension in the home improvement and furnishings retail industrial chain. Due to a high level of overlap between home furnishings consumers and home decoration consumers, we leverage on the home furnishings shopping malls as a platform and join forces with our strong brand impact, to efﬁ ciently reduce the cost of customer acquisition and marketing for the development of our home decoration business. As the industry pioneer in transformation and upgrade, our home decoration business aims to integrate the upstream and downstream industrial chain in the home decoration industry by using the home furnishing shopping malls as a platform and our great brand impact. We provided full services integrating home furnishings design proposals, sale of materials and furniture and construction service for consumers, in order to improve the shopping experiences of our consumers, and drive sales in our shopping malls. We established an experienced household design team by the subsidiary, Shanghai Betterhome Decoration Engineering Co., Ltd (“BetterHome”), and set up home decoration stores in our household decoration malls to provide customers with integrated service of home design and decoration and create synergy effect with businesses of home decoration malls. As at the end of the Reporting Period, we have 30 online and ofﬂ ine home decoration stores across the country, which were located in our shopping malls in cities such as Beijing, Tianjin, Shanghai, Nanjing, Shenyang and Chengdu. During the Reporting Period, we established internet home decoration platform focusing on design and introduced such product programs as content, designers and investment attraction to offer users online display of design content and online communication and reservation of designers and a series of home decoration tool services etc. As at the end of the Reporting Period, our internet home decoration platform has signed agreements with 143 shops and 1,093 original articles were published. Annual Report 2016 Expanding Business: Robust Development (continued) Internet-based Pan-Home Consumption (continued) Internet Retail (continued) During the Reporting Period, the Company established an online retail platform. The platform is designed to cover a series of convenient services including products display, consultancy, membership marketing, online transaction, guidance for ofﬂ ine stores in shopping mall and booking experience. Online and ofﬂ ine interaction helps to expand our Company’s communication channels with our consumers, enhance their satisfaction and loyalty, and drive the overall consumption demand. The online retail platform is mainly materialized through mobile APP user portal, and it covers a complete set of household-related products, including furniture, construction material, electrical appliance, furnishing and textile. While integrating certain merchant resources of the ofﬂ ine shopping malls of Red Star Macalline, the Company proactively explored the brands and stores which conduct online business only, thus providing abundant and more diversiﬁ ed choices for consumers. With the unique business application of SPU (Standardized Product Unit) for brand suppliers offered through the internet-based retail platform of the Company, we have successfully created the commodity management model centered on SKU (Stock Keeping Unit). As the ofﬂ ine shopping malls still constitute an integral part of consumer experience and purchasing decisions, the strategic focus of our internet retail platform rests on bringing into play the advantages of combining with the ofﬂ ine shopping malls. On one hand, the online platform provides unlimited long tail display space for ofﬂ ine merchants and products, breaking the limits of product display faced by ofﬂ ine merchants and enabling the information about the products and stores available to consumers in a more convenient and efﬁ cient way. On the other hand, leveraging on the extensive network of ofﬂ ine shopping malls of “Red Star Macalline”, we meet consumers’ demand for on-site experience in the home improvement and furnishings industry, thus providing our clients with one-stop services covering election and purchase of goods, promotional activities, logistics and distribution, and after-sales service. As at the end of the Reporting period, the Company has attracted 1,782 brands and 3,615 tenants to sign-up for its internet-based retail platform. Based on the self-developed O2O system, 13 ofﬂ ine shopping malls of Red Star Macalline succeeded in connecting with the products and services from the online platform, covering cities such as Shanghai, Nanjing, Suzhou and Changsha. Expanding Business: Robust Development (continued) We use HomeFax as an Internet ﬁ nancial information service platform to provide relevant service of ﬁ nancing for our shopping mall partners, home furnishings factories and tenants. Such platform provides information service and conducts strict risk appraisal through professional risk control system, credit information of third parties, central bank credit reference system and the “Star Cloud System”, to satisfy the ﬁ nancing demands of our shopping mall partners, home furnishings factories and tenants. We provided petty loan services to partners of the Group and ﬁ nancial support for its development by giving full play to the Company’s ability to control risk and to conduct a comprehensive evaluation of the risk proﬁ le of the partners. As of the end of the Reporting Period, we accumulatively granted petty loans in the amount of RMB189.8 million. During the Reporting Period, we further expanded our business of prepaid card services and customer ﬁ nancial services. We issued prepaid card or provided installment services to customers by cooperation with banks to satisfy funding raising and use needs of customers related with home furnishing, which interlinked home furnishing ﬁ nancial services with customers, increased customers’ loyalty on our products and services and raised sales level of shops of malls. During the Reporting Period, we issued prepaid cards with aggregate denomination amounted to RMB1,393 million with the relevant income from commission amounted to RMB17.6 million. We provided customers with RMB492 million consumption loans through cooperation with banks and recorded relevant operating income in the amount of RMB13.6 million. Comprehensive logistic service: satisfying multiple needs on both ends of the platform and achieving In the terminal service ecosystem of the home furnishings and furniture industry, the logistics and distribution is the direct interface with our consumers. As a result, the quality of logistic service has an impact on the reputation of relevant brands. In order to provide professional distribution and installation services to our tenants and consumers to facilitate the “Last Mile” offering of distribution, installation and after-sale services, and to improve customer satisfaction and loyalty to the brands of our tenants as well as the brand of Red Star Macalline. We set up logistics trial centers in Nanjing, Wuxi, Shijiazhuang, Changsha and Shenyang to provide “one-stop” professional services for customers from purchase to professional product distribution and installation. As at the end of the Reporting Period, more than 330 brands have commenced operations with our logistics service business, with a storage area of approximately 30,000 sq.m. in total. Annual Report 2016 Expanding Business: Robust Development (continued) Comprehensive logistic service: satisfying multiple needs on both ends of the platform and achieving resources sharing (continued) We were further improving business processes and effectively enhanced customer experience and service efﬁ ciency through “one-click ordering” by salesman of home furnishing malls, real-time inquiry of inventory, customers’ feedbacks, three-year quality warranty and free disassembly, assembly and cleaning. Upgrade and restructuring of information technology infrastructure and support for our During the Reporting Period, in line with our Company’s development of the internet-based business, we further upgraded and restructured our information technology infrastructures. We have accumulatively uploaded information of 163 shopping malls on the “Star Cloud System”, which is the leading comprehensive enterprise resource planning system used in the home improvement and furnishings industry. Full access of malls enabled us to collect, analyse and utilise big data of malls, shops and customers better and helped devise targeted business strategy, raise reﬁ ned management level and improve our management and administration performance. In terms of development of information system, we have increased the investment in and the proportion of self- construction. By self-construction and upgrading core information modules and systems, we would further master underlying architectures and core technical patterns of relevant systems, ensure sustainable development of information system and effectively accumulate our big data assets. During the Reporting Period, we launched the “Dragon’s Eyes” system, an APP platform developed for in-house employees and internal management of the Group. Business support functions as required by the staff-end were integrated into the “Dragon’s Eyes” system, and as a result, both the efﬁ ciency of the operation of our employees and the efﬁ ciency of the management of the Group had been enhanced effectively. We carried out further research and upgrade in respect of the tenant sourcing system. In addition to the intuitive display of the tenant sourcing system, the real-time monitoring and alert and the improvement in reﬁ ned management through the analysis of tenant sourcing and operation data, we also initiated research and development on the online tenant sourcing system to align with the plan for the development of our internet-based business. Our goal is to connect the online and ofﬂ ine channels and establish an online and ofﬂ ine tenant sourcing platform. Meanwhile, we proactively build our “Smart Shopping Mall” IT project. At present, the infrastructure of WIFI and positioning system for four shopping malls has been completed. The construction of “Smart Shopping Mall” would further improve customers’ shopping experience, promote sales of shops and create value-added service incomes. High efﬁ ciency of human resources management policies: effectively support the Group’s During the Reporting Period, our human resources policies were strictly in line with our strategies and achieved success in a number of aspects, such as systems optimization, evaluation of overall performance, employee incentivization and talent development and support, as well as industry talent training. In terms of system optimization, we had adopted a comprehensive approach to the implementation of the human resources system. As at the end of the Reporting Period, our human resources system has covered 200 shopping malls currently in operation, 52 shopping malls under the progress of preparation, and 26 business units, thus achieving the full coverage of the human resources system in home furnishing shopping malls. With regard to the performance evaluation and employee motivation, we introduced the system of “performance evaluation for all employees”, and made every employees involve in the performance management and assessment. The pragmatic and advanced nature of the performance index system, performance and accountability system and motivation system was also strengthened. These systems had become the important tools for employees management within the Group. Through various incentives methods such as evaluation on the employees’ performance and performance-based bonus, the enthusiasm and energy for work of employees are motived and released. During the Reporting Period, we improved the employee’ s work efﬁ ciency and reduced the number of employees at the service area per unit, realizing the objective of streamline on work force and administration by adopting efﬁ cient appraisal and incentive measures. We make adjustment to the human resources structure for the employee and reduce back-ofﬁ ce support employees and increase service staffs and improve the efﬁ ciency while ensuring the quality of service and management. Regarding the development of and support for talents, we have established the competency model for the key post of the general manager of shopping malls, the BEI (Behavioural Event Interview) interview manual, the capability development manual, and improved the promotion management system for key posts, with a view to providing talent support to the development of the Group’s operation. We recruited and cultivated excellent university graduates by “Star Motivation” program to attract and prepare talents for development of the Company. Having been conducted for ten years, the program recruited and fostered over 1,300 excellent graduates. We recruited and cultivated general managers for malls by “Elites” program to prepare talents for strategic goals of the Group and ensure competence of successive people. During the Reporting Period, we continued to carry out “New Youth” plan, encouraged innovation, awarded innovative measures, tried to ﬁ nd innovative people and built management teams with more innovation awareness and more vigor. Our “New Business Boosting Team” built management team and core professionals for development of new business, infused new vigor into and laid solid foundation for sustainable development of new business of the Group. Regarding professional talent cultivation, we provide sound systems of development and training courses for all departments and employees in different levels to continuously improve the capability of management team and employees. We have also established “Lu Ban Academy” and carried out several training plans, in order to improve the comprehensive quality of employees who engage in home improvement and furnishings industry. During the Reporting Period, we have been awarded “The Best Enterprise University” by China Chain Store & Franchise Association for six consecutive years and “The Best Employer” by Institute of Social Survey research centre and Zhilian Zhaopin ( ) for four consecutive years. We had a total of 19,060 employees as at the end of the Reporting Period. Annual Report 2016 The key ﬁ nancial performance indicators of the Company can generally be categorized into revenue, proﬁ ts attributable to owners of the Company and core net proﬁ t attributable to owners of the Company. These indicators provide a measure of our performance against the key drivers of the Company. For details of the ﬁ nancial performance indicators, please refer to “Revenue” and “Proﬁ t, core net proﬁ t attributable to owners of the Company and earnings per share” on pages 31 to 32 and page 36 respectively. In 2016, the Group’s revenue was RMB9,282.4 million, representing an increase of 6.0% from RMB8,756.1 million in 2015. The stable growth in our revenue was primarily due to an increase in revenue from our Owned/Leased Portfolio Shopping Malls. The following table sets forth our revenue by business segment: For the year ended 31 December Managed Shopping Malls Others Owned/Leased Portfolio Shopping Malls: The income rose from RMB5,260.0 million in 2015 to RMB5,870.7 million in 2016, representing an increase of 11.6%, mainly due to the increase of operating area, the average rent and management fee. As at the end of 2016, the number of portfolio shopping malls opened by the Group was more than that at the end of 2015 by 11, with the corresponding increase in the total operating area of 697,198 sq.m. At the same time, we used centralized management and scale effect to make all shopping malls have marketing synergy, and offered merchants promotions and other value-added services, enhanced the operation and management level of the mall, then ensured that the level of rent and management fees could increase when the already opened mall renewed the agreement with merchants. In 2016, the average operating income of real unit of portfolio shopping malls opened by the Group was RMB113/sq.m per month, which fell slightly compared with RMB114/sq.m per month in 2015, mainly due to lower operating income of the newly opened shopping malls during the Reporting Period; since the beginning of 2015, the operating income of the already opened mall kept growing, and the same mall growth rate of mature shopping malls was 5.2% in 2016. FINANCIAL REVIEW (continued) Revenue (continued) Managed Shopping Malls. Revenue decreased from RMB3,141.7 million in 2015 to RMB2,740.9 million in 2016, representing a decrease of 12.8%, which was mainly due to the decrease of revenue from services of construction consultation and management fees. The cost of sales and services of the Group mainly included staff salary, malls rent and ﬁ xed expenses etc. that were directly related to the operation of our Owned/Leased Portfolio Shopping Malls. The cost of sales and services of the Group increased from RMB2,242.0 million in 2015 to RMB2,658.2 million in 2016, representing an increase of 18.6%, mainly because the number of operational staff and the salary and welfare increased due to the expansion of the shopping mall network of the Company. The following table sets forth our cost of sales and services by business segment: Owned/Leased Portfolio Shopping Malls: the cost of sales and services increased by 14.6% from RMB1,224.8 million in 2015 to RMB1,403.6 million in 2016, mainly due to the increase of salary of relevant staff in the newly opened shopping malls in the current period and the second half of the previous period and the increase of provision of annual bonus in the current period. Annual Report 2016 FINANCIAL REVIEW (continued) Cost of sales and services (continued) Managed Shopping Malls: the cost of sales and services of Managed Shopping Malls increased from RMB823.2 million in 2015 to RMB939.8 million in 2016, representing an increase of 14.2%, mainly due to the signiﬁ cant increase in the number of our Managed Shopping Malls opened as at the end of 2016 as compared with that as at the end of 2015. In 2016, the Group’s gross proﬁ t was RMB6,624.2 million, representing an increase of 1.7 % from RMB6,514.1 million in 2015. In 2016, the Group’s integrated gross proﬁ t margin was 71.4%, representing a decrease of 3.0 percentage points from 74.4% in 2015, mainly due to the decrease in gross proﬁ t margin of relevant revenue of Managed Shopping Malls. The following table sets forth our gross proﬁ t margin by business segments: Owned/Leased Portfolio Shopping Malls: Gross proﬁ t increased from RMB4,035.1 million in 2015 to RMB4,467.1 million in 2016, representing an increase of 10.7%; gross proﬁ t margin decreased from 76.7% in 2015 to 76.1% in 2016, maintaining a stable level. Managed Shopping Malls: Gross proﬁ t decreased from RMB2,318.5 million in 2015 to RMB1,801.1 million in 2016, representing a decrease of 22.3%; gross proﬁ t margin decreased from 73.8% in 2015 to 65.7% in 2016, mainly due to the decrease in revenue of construction consultation and management fees with a higher gross proﬁ t margin and the decrease in gross proﬁ t margin of annual management fees. FINANCIAL REVIEW (continued) Other income of the Group mainly include interest income from bank deposits, other loans and receivables, government grants and received and compensatory payment receivable. Other income was RMB199.4 million in 2016 (other income were RMB194.3 million in 2015), of which the interest income was RMB96.1 million and government grants were RMB85.9 million. Other gains and losses of the Group mainly include the change in net of the provision for doubtful debts, impairment loss on available-for-sale equity investments and intangible assets, gains and losses of disposal of property, plant and equipment and gains and losses of disposal of subsidiaries. Other losses were RMB567.3 million in 2016 (other losses were RMB206.3 million in 2015), of which the allowance for doubtful debts was RMB336.5 million, mainly because we adopted a more conservation standard when reviewing the trade receivables related to the income of Managed Shopping Malls. The sales and distribution expenses of the Group mainly include advertising and marketing expenses, energy and maintenance costs, salary costs of marketing personnel and new business related staff, after-sales service expenses, etc. The sales and distribution expenses increased from RMB1,196.9 million in 2015 to RMB1,205.7 million in 2016 representing an increase of 0.7%; the proportion of the sales and distribution expenses in the revenue of the Group decreased from 13.7% in 2015 to 13.0% in 2016. Administrative expenses of the Group mainly include the salary and welfare expenses of the administrative personnel, ofﬁ ce expenses, property tax, other miscellaneous taxes and professional fees. Administrative expenses were increased from RMB882.4 million in 2015 to RMB1,149.3 million in 2016 with an increase of 30.2%; the proportion of administrative expenses in the revenue of the Group increased from 10.1% in 2015 to 12.4% in 2016, which was mainly because the Group expanded its operation scale and developed new businesses which resulted in the increase of employee compensation and ofﬁ ce expenses. Annual Report 2016 FINANCIAL REVIEW (continued) The ﬁ nance costs of the Group mainly include interest in bank and other loans, interest in ﬁ nance lease and interest in bonds. Finance costs were increased from RMB854.3 million in 2015 to RMB949.2 million in 2016 with an increase of 11.1%. The total interest expenses decreased from RMB1,250.7 million in 2015 to RMB1,209.2 million in 2016, representing a decrease of 3.3%, which was mainly due to the overall decrease of market interest rate during the Reporting Period, the improvement of efﬁ ciency in the use of funds of the Group, optimization of loan structure, issuance of onshore corporate bonds with lower coupon rate and reduced average ﬁ nancing cost. The ﬁ nance costs of the Group were mainly affected by relevant interest-bearing bank loans and bonds balance required by property investment. With the completion of the investment property and the opening of the relevant malls, we will no longer capitalize interest expense associated with the investment properties and record it as the cost. Capitalized interest expenses decreased from RMB396.4 million in 2015 to RMB260.1 million in 2016, representing a decrease of 34.4% mainly due to the completion of the construction of part of shopping malls and the cessation of the capitalization. The Group adopted prudent liquidity risk management policies in order to maintain ﬂ exibility of fund utilization, which include maintaining sufﬁ cient cash and funding through an adequate amount of committed credit facilities. In 2016, the income tax expenses of the Group were RMB1,358.8 million, representing a drop of 13.6% compared with RMB1,572.6 million in 2015, with the decrease rate higher than that of the pre-tax proﬁ t. Through effective tax planning, the rate of the effective income tax decreased from 26.5% in 2015 to 23.7% in 2016. FINANCIAL REVIEW (continued) In 2016, proﬁ t attributable to owners of the Company amounted to RMB4,036.3 million, representing a decrease of 1.5% from RMB4,098.1 million in 2015; core net proﬁ t attributable to owners of the Company amounted to RMB2,554.7 million, remaining relatively ﬂ at compared with that of RMB2,552.7 million in 2015. The above was a result of the decrease in proportion of a higher gross proﬁ t margin business. Growth Proﬁ t attributable to owners of the Company Proﬁ t margin attributable to owners of the Company -3.3ppts Core net proﬁ t attributable to owners of the Company Core net proﬁ t margin attributable to owners of the Company -1.7ppts In 2016, the Group’s earnings per share was RMB1.11, comparing with RMB1.22 in 2015. As at the end of the Reporting Period, the trade and other receivables of the Group were RMB2,008.5 million, of which the trade receivables and bills receivable were RMB836.3 million, which were mainly the outstanding ﬁ rst entrance fee to be paid by partners of Managed Shopping Malls and the construction consultation and management fees to be paid by the contractors. The trade and other receivables decreased by RMB132.5 million at the end of 2016 compared with that at the end of 2015. It was mainly because the Group increased the efforts in the collection of trade receivables during the Reporting Period and the allowance for doubtful debts of outstanding amounts in previous years has increased. As at the end of the Reporting Period, the Group’s book value of investment properties amounted to RMB77,090.0 million, representing an increase of 9.2% from RMB70,593.0 million as at the end of 2015, which was mainly due to the increase of rental rate of our owned malls and advancement of project progress of investment properties under construction during the Reporting Period. In 2016, the Group gained RMB2,652.2 million due to the increase in fair value of investment properties mainly because the rise of rent and management fees of owned malls and completion and opening of several shopping malls under construction in some developed cities during the Reporting Period resulted in the increase in fair value of investment properties. The Group will continue to derive rental income from the investment properties and may consider disposing certain investment properties as and when appropriate and in accordance with market conditions. Annual Report 2016 FINANCIAL REVIEW (continued) The Group’s capital expenditures were primarily related to acquisition and construction expenditures for investment properties. In 2016, the Group’s capital expenditures amounted to RMB3,189.9 million (in 2015, the Group’s capital expenditures amounted to RMB3,288.1 million), primarily due to advancement of project progress of investment properties under construction. As at the end of the Reporting Period, the Group’s bank balances and cash were RMB6,150.2 million, representing an increase of RMB196.1 million from RMB5,954.1 million as at the end of 2015. In 2016, the Group’s net cash inﬂ ow from operating activities was RMB3,893.7 million, representing an increase of 17.7% from RMB3,309.3 million in 2015, mainly due to the increase of pre-received rental and service fee of the Group during the Reporting Period. In 2016, the investment activities of the Group generated a net cash outﬂ ow of RMB5,016.7 million, representing an increase of 28.2% compared with a net outﬂ ow of RMB3,913.0 million in 2015, which was mainly due to the increase of payment of various projects and investment of the Group during the Reporting Period. In 2016, the ﬁ nancing activities of the Group generated a net cash inﬂ ow of RMB1,266.9 million, representing a decrease of RMB1,592.8 million compared with a net inﬂ ow of RMB2,859.7 million in 2015, which was mainly due to the relatively large scale of the Group’s H Share offering in 2015 and no equity ﬁ nancing in the Reporting Period. FINANCIAL REVIEW (continued) As of the end of the Reporting Period, the total amount of debt of the Group was RMB21,558.4 million, of which banks and other borrowings were RMB11,234.8 million, and bonds were RMB10,323.6 million. Banks and other borrowings and bonds of the Group are denominated in RMB. The following table sets out our speciﬁ c debt: — Bonds due in 2017 — Bonds due in 2018 — Bonds due in 2016 — Private placement notes due in 2017 — Corporate bonds due in 2020 — Corporate bonds due in 2021 — Corporate bonds due in 2023 Annual Report 2016 FINANCIAL REVIEW (continued) 16. The debt situation and debt ratio (continued) Among the total debt of the Group, the portion to be repaid in one year or on demand was RMB4,676.8 million; the portion to be repaid more than one year but not more than two years was RMB3,841.1 million; the portion to be repaid more than two years but not more than ﬁ ve years was RMB9,903.4 million; the portion to be repaid over ﬁ ve years was RMB3,137.1 million; the Group shall timely repay the above loans at the maturity date of the same. The following table sets out our major debt ratio: As at 31 December As at 31 December Asset-liability ratio(1) Net gearing ratio(2) Interest expenses coverage ratio(3) Notes: Asset-liability ratio is calculated as the total liabilities divided by total assets as at the end of each period. Represents the total interest-bearing bank and other borrowings, bonds and obligations under ﬁ nance leases net of bank balances and cash as a percentage of total equity at the end of each period. Interest expense coverage ratio is our adjusted EBITDA divided by our interest expenses before capitalization for each period. Adjusted EBITDA represents proﬁ t before tax, adding back ﬁ nance costs, depreciation, amortization and impairment, further adjusted to exclude gains from increases in the fair value of investment properties, share of proﬁ t of associates, share of results of joint ventures, other gains and losses, other expenses and other income. As at the end of the Reporting Period, the main credit rating of the Group was rated as BBB+ by Fitch Ratings, Inc. and BBB by Standard & Poor’s Financial Services LLC, and its outlook and prospects were rated as stable by both of them. As at the end of the Reporting Period, the Group had pledged investment properties with book value of RMB54,814.0 million and restricted bank deposits of RMB70.5 million for obtaining loans and providing guarantees. FINANCIAL REVIEW (continued) As at the end of the Reporting Period, the Group issued ﬁ nancial guarantees with its partners to a bank in respect of a loan in the amount up to RMB400 million granted to a joint venture, of which RMB98 million (as of 31 December 2015: RMB178 million) have been utilised by the joint venture as at 31 December 2016. As at the end of 2016 and 2015, the Group and its partner provided ﬁ nancial guarantees to a ﬁ nancial institution in respect of a loan in the amount up to RMB1,500 million granted to an associate, of which the Group provided guarantee according to its equity proportion of 25%, which is RMB375 million, to secure the above facility. the Group issued ﬁ nancial guarantee to 10% of this loan, which is up to RMB150 million. During the Reporting Period, the Group and its partner provided ﬁ nancial guarantees to a ﬁ nancial institution in respect of a new loan in the amount up to RMB2,500 million granted to this associate, of which the Group provided guarantee according to its equity proportion of 25%, which is RMB625 million, to secure the above facility. As at the end of the Reporting Period, RMB500 million and RMB500 million (as of 31 December 2015: RMB1,000 million and N/A) of the two facilities have been utilised by the associate, respectively. The Group believes that the fair value of the above ﬁ nancial guarantees provided by the Group is not signiﬁ cant and the guaranteed joint ventures and associates are in good ﬁ nancial positions. During the Reporting Period, the Company had no material acquisitions and disposals in relation to our subsidiaries or joint ventures/associates. Our future major investments of the Group are primarily capital expenditures in respect of acquisition and construction of investment properties (including through acquisition of subsidiaries). We expect to capitalize on secular growth trends in the home improvement and furnishings industry by strategically opening new shopping malls in selected cities in China with attractive market attributes. As at the end of the Reporting Period, the amount of which the Group has contracted for but not provided in the ﬁ nancial statements was RMB4,359.5 million. The capital commitment as disclosed in Note 43 to the Consolidated Financial Statements on page 218 was primarily in relation to the development of our Portfolio Shopping Malls. It is one of our strategies, and we expect to strengthen our market leadership through strategic expansion of our shopping mall network and brand portfolio. Annual Report 2016 FINANCIAL REVIEW (continued) 21. Future plans for major investments (continued) The source of the Group’s future major investment funds will mainly come from the cash of business operation, bank loans, issuing bonds and the equity capital contributed by the Shareholders. We will adhere to a prudent and rational ﬁ nancial management strategy, plan and arrange the investment and operating expenses based on the cash inﬂ ow, expand ﬁ nancing channels while maintain a reasonable ﬁ nancial condition and debt ratio level to provide better funding for business development in the future. Currently, we do not have detailed plans for material investments except opening new shopping malls which are in our ordinary course of business. Accordingly, we foresee that our major source of funding will be from our operating cash ﬂ ow, revenue from our shopping malls, borrowings from banks and other ﬁ nancing activities of the Group. The Group operates in China. All income and almost all expenditure of the Group are in RMB. The Group owns a small amount of bank deposit in HK dollars and US dollars, and the dividend will be paid in HK dollars to H shareholders. The Company’s directors believe that the Group’s foreign currency risk is relatively small, and the Group implements no foreign currency hedging policy currently. The Group manages foreign exchange risks by regularly checking foreign currency exchange rates. The Group will consider hedging policies to deal with material foreign exchange risks where necessary. As at the end of the Reporting Period, the Group has 19,060 employees (31 December 2015: 17,086 employees). The Group signs labour contract with employees according to the Labor Law of the People’s Republic of China and the relevant provisions of the employee’s locality. The Group will determine the employee’s basic wage and bonus level according to the employee’s performance, work experience and the market wage standard, and shall pay social insurance and housing provident fund for the employees. In 2016, the Group has paid a total of RMB2,164.0 million for salary expenditures (2015: RMB1,730.3 million). Meanwhile, the Group also kept investing resources to provide various education and training opportunities for the staff, aiming to standardize the management work and improve the operation performance, and continuously improved the knowledge and technical competence as well as professional practice competence of the employees. The Company received the “Notice of Acceptance of Registration” (Zhong Shi Xie Zhu [2016] SCP No. 400) from the National Association of Financial Market Institutional Investors ( ), according to which the Company can issue a super short-term commercial papers in tranches with a registered amount of RMB3 billion in Shanghai Pudong Development Bank. Please refer to the Company’s related announcement on 19 January 2017 for details. At the board meeting held on 28 February 2017, the Board resolved to submit to the extraordinary general meeting, the domestic shareholders’ class meeting and the H shareholders’ class meeting respectively for consideration and approval by the shareholders by way of special resolution a proposal for extension of the validity period of the shareholders’ approval for the proposed A Share offering for a future period of 12 months commencing from the date of passing the relevant special resolutions. The recent years has witnessed China’s persistent slackened macroeconomic growth trend. In 2016, China’s GDP showed 6.7% year-on-year growth, which was the lowest growth rate for the past 25 years, and it may be further reduced in the future. The slowdown in macro-economic growth may slow down the expected urbanization in China, and pose adverse effect to the improvement of residents’ disposable income and standard of living. Meanwhile, the real estate industry, as the basic industry under the continued regulation of China, is closely related to the country’s macroeconomic development with the manifestation of the strong cyclical characteristics. The potential adverse changes caused by slower growth of the macro-economy and cyclical ﬂ uctuation of real estate industry may weaken the demand for home improvement and furnishings retail industry, and thus posing certain negative impact on the Company’s operating performance. According to the data of Frost & Sullivan, the sales amount achieved in Chinese home improvement and furnishings industry in 2016 was RMB4.0 trillion, representing an increase of 7.6% on a year-on-year basis. The industry growth rate was signiﬁ cantly higher than that of China’s macroeconomic overall growth. The Company will actively seize favorable opportunities of the rapid development in the home improvement and furnishings industry and increase the market share by the fast and steady expansion of the shopping mall network; while improving economies of scale and operational efﬁ ciency and strengthening the sustained stability of proﬁ tability, so as to better cope with and withstand the risks associated with macroeconomic and industry volatility. As our business scale is under continuous development and expansion, demand for high-level management talents and professionals increases continuously. If the Company’s reserve of talents cannot keep up with the rapid development rate of the Group’s business, then it will pose an adverse impact on the Company’s operational stability. We have set up different personnel training and reserve plans for the fresh graduates, excellent employees and supervisory employees, and we continue to invest resources to provide various types of education and training opportunities so as to enhance their knowledge and technical level as well as the ability of business practices. Meanwhile, the Company will continue to strengthen information construction so as to improve the efﬁ ciency of business, and thus providing guarantee for the building of our pool of talents required for business expansion. Annual Report 2016 RISKS FACTORS (continued) Based on the nationwide retail platform and the largest database of businesses and consumers in the Chinese home improvement and furnishings industry, we plan to further develop the attractive Internet-related products and services as well as the supply chain related products and services. Compared with our shopping mall business, the business model and risks of expanding business may vary, but we may not have enough experience to effectively manage such expanding business and the related risks. Such expanding business may bring us new challenges and risks. If the expanding business failed to achieve the expected results, then our business, ﬁ nancial condition, results of operations and prospects as a whole may be adversely affected. By relying on a strong industrial inﬂ uence in the existing business accumulation, rich management experience and national distribution network system, we will provide high-quality brand, market, customer and product resources support for the implementation of the above-mentioned expanding business. It will ﬂ exibly select and adjust the operating mode of operation and based on the market changes and business needs, so as to reduce the uncertainty of expanding business and other related risks. We have persistently adhered to the mission of “building a warm and harmonious homeland enhancing consumption and living taste”. In 2017 and thereafter, we will continue to follow the operation and management model of “market-oriented management and shopping mall management”, provide better and more professional services for consumers, consolidate our market leadership and strengthen the brand of “Red Star Macalline” of “Home Furnishings Expert” in the consumers’ mind to build the most pioneering and professional “omni-channel platform provider in home improvement and furnishings industry”. Our future development plans are as follows: To continue the implementation of two-pronged business model of Portfolio Shopping Malls and Managed Shopping Malls; to strengthen the market leadership through strategic In terms of shopping mall network construction, we will further strengthen the market leading position in Tier I and II Cities through self-operation mode, and continue to selectively open new home shopping malls in the core cities; at the same time, by relying on the sound brand reputation, mature shopping mall development, tenant sourcing and operation and management capabilities in the home improvement and furnishings industry, we will quickly penetrate into the Tier III Cities and Other Cities through the asset-light managed business model, so as to further expand the operation coverage of companies in the country, and thus accelerating market penetration. Moreover, we are also exploring vigorously the possibility of property asset securitization of owned furniture malls to promote the capital operating efﬁ ciency of enterprise. OUTLOOK AND PROSPECTS (continued) To continue the implementation of two-pronged business model of Portfolio Shopping Malls and Managed Shopping Malls; to consolidate the market leadership through strategic expansion of shopping mall network and brand portfolio (continued) As for the brand portfolio construction, we will cover a wider range of consumer groups and market segment and serve our merchants to further enhance our market share through diversiﬁ ed brand strategy. As one of the most inﬂ uential brands in the home industry in China, we will, from the perspective of truly understanding and satisfying the needs of consumers, always furnish consumers with a better and more in-depth experience, more professional and all-round value-added services, and more convenient and humanized service mode. We will provide a trustworthy circulation platform that can integrate a sufﬁ cient number of home decoration and furniture industry brand commodities to satisfy the various needs and consumer Pain Points, enhance the online and ofﬂ ine integration experience of consumers, establish the most valuable circulation platform in home decoration and furniture industry, and strive to become new retail benchmark in the home improvement and furnishing industry. The digital strategies such as “1001” we are pursuing are aimed at enhancing the long-term competitiveness of enterprise to meet new growth opportunities by making use of internet, big data, cloud computing and other information technologies. The Group will positively explore new business model and integrate upstream and downstream resources of home decoration and furniture industry through investment, merger and acquisition and other ways, and in particular look for opportunities into smart household ﬁ eld and offer services for enlarging enterprise scale, strengthening corporate strength, preparing for future and leading the development of the industry. We will improve corporate governance, standardize the operation, and fulﬁ ll the social responsibility. We will make continuous improvement in corporate governance framework, organizational process and management mechanism, abide by national laws and business ethics and create the commercial atmosphere of “standardized operation” as well as undertake and fulﬁ ll social responsibility proactively. 