In 2016, China’s economy achieved the optimization and upgrade of the economic structure on the basis of stabilized growth . The financial market of China maintained a stable development . Regulatory approval for IPO was accelerated while the size of bond issuance hit a historically high level, of which the issuance of corporate bonds was particularly robust . The direct financing ability of the capital market in China increased significantly in 2016 with the NEEQ and M&A business growing continuously . However, both the amount and volume of market transactions decreased, and commission rates continued to decrease unilaterally . The performance of securities companies’ brokerage business was sluggish as compared to that of 2015 . The increase of leverage ratio limits of the industry is favorable to the lending business of securities companies . Nevertheless, due to the decrease in the balance of margin financing and securities lending business, the average leverage level of the industry has not increased significantly . In 2016, asset prices were affected by a series of events which have political and economic influence globally including the Brexit, U .S . presidential election, referendum in Italy and interest rate hike by the U .S . Federal Reserve . They will continue to be under huge fluctuation, thereby driving the demand for asset allocation and investment portfolio management . In general, it is estimated that the securities companies in China will adhere to the principle of maintaining stability while making progress in 2017 . The Company aims to become a large, best-in-class, full-service investment bank with the base in the PRC and global vision . The Company will adhere to the business model of equal emphasis on capital- light and capital-intensive businesses, continue to strengthen the synergies among business lines and optimize the market incentive mechanism . The Company will strive to enhance our capabilities for serving our clients, for supporting real economy, and for improving the efficiency of wealth generation and management, through implementing the following strategies: Solidify the leading position of our investment banking business, maintain our status as the top choice for clients; Strengthen our extensive sales channel, build an industry-leading wealth management platform; Enhance our FICC product advantages, build a preferred prime brokerage service platform; Optimize the multi-layered investment management platform, become an industry-leading financial product provider; Build a leading full-spectrum investment research team; Annual Report 2016 Enhance our overseas businesses, develop a full-service international investment bank; Reinforce our IT infrastructure, provide technological foundation for our leading businesses; Strengthen employee career development, attract and cultivate top talents . Our Business Plan for 2017 In 2017, we will implement a multi-faceted plan which will further build upon our industry-leading value creation capabilities . We will focus on enlarging client base and improving client services . We will raise the professional expertise of our team to even higher levels based on our talent strategy . We will also boost capital strength to make a better and healthier balance sheet . There will also be focus on continuous development of our information technologies while adhering to the compliance and risk protocols which ensure healthy growth . We will also strengthen management and operating capability to enhance efficiency and returns . For the investment banking business, the Company will capture the opportunities of booming direct financing and maintain its leading edge in the sector . For brokerage business, the Company will strive to develop business through Internet to build a wealth management brand . For the asset management business, the Company will seize the business opportunities of general asset management and continue to promote the scale and competitiveness of the asset management business, and in turn enhance the investment and management capabilities of the Company . For overseas business, leveraging on its H Shares listing, the Company will take more efforts in developing overseas business to promote the balanced development of the domestic and overseas business . For compliance and risk control, we will strictly comply with the regulatory benchmarks and endeavor to enhance risk control and compliance management . In 2017, the Company will deliberately manage the size of liabilities based on business development needs and maintain a healthy gearing ratio . In 2016, the Company successfully completed a series of debt fundraising, including: two tranches of RMB-denominated corporate bonds with an offering size of RMB4 .5 billion; one tranche of short-term corporate bonds by securities companies with an offering size of RMB3 billion; one tranche of short-term commercial papers with an offering size of RMB3 billion (which have been fully repaid as at 31 December 2016); and 88 tranches of structured notes with an aggregate offering size of approximately RMB8 .8 billion . The cumulative debt financing (excluding Placements from banks and other financial institutions and Financial assets sold under repurchase agreement) of the Company for the year reached approximately RMB19 .3 billion, and the balance of structured notes was approximately RMB4 .8 billion . The financial leverage ratio decreased to 3 .04 times from 3 .69 times at the beginning of the year . Entering 2017, the economic growth of China is still under great downside pressure . There are multiple challenges posed to the target of “stabilized growth” and risks associated with the economic and financial systems are non-negligible . Risks that the Company may be exposed to include: (i) credit risk . The economy is at the bottom of the economic cycle and events of default occur more frequently, thus increasing the credit risk of distressed industries and areas; (ii) bond market risk . The stable and neutral monetary policy at the backdrop of reducing leverage and preventing an asset bubble, combined with the hike in the US dollar exchange rate and interest rate, may pose pressure on the valuation level of the bond market which leads to fluctuation of interest rate and yield; and (iii) under money supply estimated to be further tightened overall, liquidity risk as a result of a tightened money supply at a specified time and the surge of the lending rate . In addition, the Company is subject to strategic risk, operational risk, compliance risk, legal risk, technical risk, reputational risk, etc . In general, due to the intertwined risks mentioned above, the Company will face certain challenges in its operation . For details, please refer to the “MATERIAL RISK FACTORS” section of this annual report . As at the end of 2016, the total assets of the Group were RMB181,695 million, representing a year-on-year (“YoY”) decrease of 0 .82% as compared to that at the end of 2015 . Equity attributable to equity holders of the Company was RMB41,063 million, representing a YoY increase of 36 .39% as compared to that at the end of 2015 . During the Reporting Period, total revenue and other income of the Group amounted to RMB17,584 million, representing a YoY decrease of 28 .26% . Total expenses amounted to RMB10,524 million, representing a YoY decrease of 19 .36% . Net profit attributable to equity holders of the Company amounted to RMB5,259 million, representing a YoY decrease of 39 .12% . The principal businesses of the Group comprise four segments: investment banking business, wealth management business, trading and institutional client services business and investment management business . During the Reporting Period, total revenue and other income of the investment banking segment amounted to RMB4,682 million, representing a YoY increase of 37 .79% . Total revenue and other income of the wealth management segment amounted to RMB7,234 million, representing a YoY decrease of 47 .53% . Total revenue and other income of the trading and institutional client services segment amounted to RMB3,575 million, representing a YoY decrease of 34 .33% . Total revenue and other income of the investment management segment amounted to RMB1,564 million, representing a YoY increase of 11 .71% . Annual Report 2016 The investment banking segment of the Group mainly comprises equity financing business, debt financing business and financial advisory business . In 2016, the A Share primary market remained robust and, with the normalization of IPO approval procedures, the issuance of Shares on such market has been gradually accelerated accordingly . A total of 1,033 equity financing deals were launched in the A Share market throughout the year, representing a YoY decrease of 4 .79% . The amount of proceeds raised reached RMB1,975,600 million, representing a significant increase of 27 .81% as compared to that in 2015 (source: Wind Info) . Refinancing business also achieved solid progress in 2016 . During the Reporting Period, the investment banking business of the Company continued to grow and maintained a leading position in the market . The Company completed 63 equity financing transactions, ranking No . 1 in the industry . The aggregate amount of equity offerings underwritten by us as a lead underwriter was approximately RMB103,400 million, ranking No . 2 in the industry . In particular, the number and aggregate amount of IPOs underwritten by us as a lead underwriter was 14 and approximately RMB18,300 million, ranking No . 3 and No . 1 in the industry, respectively . Details of equity underwriting and sponsorship in 2016 are set out below: Aggregate amount Number of Aggregate amount Number of million) million) For overseas business, in 2016, China Securities International completed seven IPOs and two follow-on offerings in Hong Kong . Outlook for 2017 In 2017, the Company will continue to leverage on its advantage in balanced investment banking product offerings and take more efforts in exploring large enterprises with significant industry position and SMEs with growth potential to proactively build a stronger deal pipeline . In 2016, the Company’s debt underwriting business (see table below) grew significantly as compared to that of the previous year and ranked No . 1 in the industry, The number and aggregate amount of corporate bond offerings underwritten by us had the highest growth and ranked No . 1 in the industry . In 2016, the Company completed the offerings of 284 corporate bonds as a lead underwriter, representing a YoY increase of 242 .17%; and the aggregate amount underwritten was approximately RMB571,800 million, representing a YoY increase of 187 .16% . Details of debt underwriting and sponsorship business of the Company in 2016: Aggregate amount Number of Aggregate amount Number of million) million) Note: Others mainly consist of medium-term notes, short-term commercial papers, private placement notes, asset securitization, government-backed agency bonds and exchangeable bonds; for joint lead underwriting transactions, the aggregate offering size represents the aggregate amount underwritten . Annual Report 2016 For overseas business, in 2016, China Securities International completed 13 overseas bond issuance transactions in Hong Kong . Outlook for 2017 In 2017, along with the continuous development of traditional products for which we have already built competitive advantages such as corporate bonds and enterprise bonds, the Company will also focus on innovative products such as panda bonds, green bonds, exchangeable bonds, innovation and entrepreneurship corporate bonds and ABS, so as to adapt to market changes with a widened bond product offering . The Company’s financial advisory business mainly comprises M&A of listed companies, as well as NEEQ quotation recommendations . In September 2016, the CSRC revised the Administrative Measures for Significant Asset Restructuring to restrain “speculation in stocks with poor performance” and “speculation in stocks of shell companies”, as well as pursuit of market hot spots by way of cross-industry M&A . This had certain impact on the M&A business, whilst it accelerated approval for those M&A projects which do not fall into the above situations . In 2016, 300 companies in the A Share market completed M&A with an aggregate transaction amount of RMB823,900 million, representing a YoY decrease of 18 .92% and 11 .02% as compared to that of 2015 in terms of number of transactions and aggregate transaction amount, respectively . During the Reporting Period, the M&A business of the Company continued to develop rapidly . In 2016, the Company acted as financial advisor in 18 significant asset restructuring projects, ranking No . 5 in the industry . The transaction amount of acquisition was RMB42,200 million, representing a YoY increase of The NEEQ market continued to grow rapidly in 2016 . During the year, a record high of 5,034 companies was quoted on the NEEQ, representing a YoY increase of 42% . The number of NEEQ quoted companies has exceeded 10,000 in total . Issues such as lack of liquidity, difficulty in fundraising and divergence among different types of indices have also emerged along with the rapid growth of market size . In June 2016, the NEEQ market implemented bifurcated management, under which quoted companies are categorized into three levels based on factors including corporate governance, operating revenue, market capitalization, etc . Companies which satisfy any one set of standards may enter into the innovation level . As of the end of 2016, there were 9,211 and 952 companies in the basic level and innovation level, respectively (source: NEEQ Company) . Meanwhile, the NEEQ Company applied more stringent requirements on the selection of quotation candidates, internal approval by chief agency brokers and other aspects, with increasingly stringent regulations . As a chief agency broker, the Company recommended 156 companies in 2016 and 359 companies in aggregate to be quoted on the NEEQ, ranking No . 4 in the industry . For overseas business, in 2016, China Securities International completed 2 financial advisory transactions in the Hong Kong market . Outlook for 2017 In 2017, it is expected that market-driven M&A and consolidation of state-owned enterprises will remain active . The Company will seize market opportunities to actively explore the financial advisory business and pursue opportunities in investment and financing business brought by M&A transactions to raise revenue from capital-based intermediary and other services . With respect to NEEQ business, in 2017, the Company will continue to pay attention to the quality of quoted companies, select high-quality enterprises to nourish their value growth and strive for excellent operating results and economic benefits . The Company’s wealth management segment mainly comprises brokerage and wealth management business, margin financing and securities lending business and repurchase business . The Company provides individual and corporate clients with brokerage of stocks, bonds, funds, derivatives and other tradable securities . During the Reporting Period, the total trading volume of equity and funds in the market was RMB138 .91 trillion, representing a YoY decrease of 48 .72% (source: Shanghai and Shenzhen Stock Exchanges) . The competition among securities firms is increasingly fierce on commission rate, business flow, service approach, service provided and expertise of employees . As the stock trading amount decreased in general, the brokerage business encountered great challenges . In 2016, the Company endeavored to establish an ecological chain of integrated client services platform and to develop businesses covering financial products, margin financing and securities lending, the NEEQ, private equity, investment advisory services, futures, precious metals and IB business through resource integration . The Company continued to strengthen the core competitiveness of brokerage business with clients as the focus, and strive to fulfil diversified wealth management, investment and financing needs of retail, high net worth, institutional, corporate and other clients at different levels . Annual Report 2016 In 2016, the net income from the securities brokerage business of the Company comprised 3 .21% of the market, ranking No . 10 in the industry . Trading volume of the agency sales of equity funds amounted to RMB7 .75 trillion with a market Share of 2 .98%, ranking No . 10 in the industry . The distribution of standardized products for the year amounted to RMB78,000 million, and the net income from the distribution of financial products had a market Share of 5 .60%, ranking No . 4 in the industry, up one place from last year . The number of new Shareholder accounts was 2,918,200, representing a YoY increase of 62 .62%; the total number of clients’ capital accounts at year end was 6,014,400 . The market value of securities in our client accounts was RMB1 .61 trillion with a market Share of 4 .77%, ranking No . 5 in the industry, up five places from last year; in which new client assets amounted to RMB383,745 million (sources: Shanghai and Shenzhen Stock Exchanges, China Securities Depositary and Clearing Corporation ( ), the Securities Association of China ( ) and the Company) . As of the end of 2016, the Group had 225 securities branches, of which 56% were located in the relatively affluent Five Provinces and Two Municipalities (Beijing, Shanghai, Guangdong, Fujian, Zhejiang, Jiangsu and Shandong), and among which 36 were located in Beijing . Being the securities company with the largest number of securities branches in Beijing, the Company has established a solid client base for its brokerage and wealth management businesses . For the overseas business, China Securities International provides wealth management services to clients of our securities brokerage business including institutional clients . As of the end of 2016, the total asset value under custody for our retail clients reached HK$8,500 million, representing a YoY increase of 30%; and the total asset value under custody for our institutional clients reached HK$25,000 million, representing a YoY increase of 73% . Outlook for 2017 In 2017, the brokerage business of the Company will adhere to the basis of compliance and risk management, focus on the development of and services for three major types of clients, namely individual, institutional and corporate clients, pursuant to the Internet strategy, in order to enhance the satisfaction of clients and employees . The Company will raise its core competitiveness with an aim to build the best investment advisory and transaction brand in the industry and establish the “Invincible Army of Wealth Management” for stable development with a long-term vision and steady pace, so as to achieve robust growth of the revenue from brokerage services . Meanwhile, the Company will maintain its leading position by expanding its network of securities branches in Beijing and expand its securities branches in line with the nationwide strategy, so as to lay a solid foundation for the prosperous development of its brokerage business . In 2016, the margin financing and securities lending business has declined in terms of scale with a relatively low overall standard . As of the end of 2016, the balance of margin financing and securities lending of the Shanghai Stock Exchange and Shenzhen Stock Exchange was RMB939,249 million, which decreased by 20 .01% as compared to that of the end of 2015 (source: Wind Info) . As of the end of 2016, the closing balance of the Company’s advances to client and securities lending business was RMB29,900 million, representing a decrease of 15 .58% as compared to that at the end of 2015; and the market Share was 3 .18%, ranking No . 11 on a combined basis, among which the balance of margin accounts ranked No . 10 . The number of margin financing and securities lending accounts was 127,020, representing an increase of 5 .41% as compared to that at the end of 2015 . Outlook for 2017 In 2017, the Company will further strengthen the dynamic monitoring of and adjustment to the leverage ratio of margin financing and securities lending business and establish a more comprehensive compliance and risk management system for the margin financing and securities lending business . Besides, the Company will continue its efforts in client service and quality enhancement so as to provide more extensive and comprehensive services . Moreover, the Company will further increase the core competitiveness of the business by way of product and service innovations . In 2016, the collateralized stock repurchase business of the whole market maintained a momentum of rapid growth . As of the end of 2016, the scale of collateralized stock repurchase business of the whole market amounted to RMB1,284,005 million, representing an increase of 85 .04% (source: Shanghai and Shenzhen Stock Exchanges) as compared to that at the end of 2015 . The scale of collateralized stock repurchase business has surpassed the scale of margin financing and securities lending business . During the Reporting Period, the collateralized stock repurchase business of the Company accomplished a consistent growth . As of the end of 2016, the balance of the collateralized stock repurchase business of the Company amounted to RMB35,600 million, representing an increase of 66 .15% as compared to that at the end of 2015, ranking No . 9 in the industry, which was two ranks higher as compared to last year . As of the end of 2016, the balance of margin accounts of the contractual stock repurchase transaction business of the Company amounted to RMB370 million, representing a decrease of 5 .55% as compared to that at the end of 2015, ranking No . 5 in the industry, which was one rank higher as compared to last year . Annual Report 2016 Outlook for 2017 Looking ahead, in 2017, the collateralized stock repurchase business is expected to maintain a momentum of relatively rapid growth . It is expected that the scale of collateralized stock repurchase business of the whole market will grow rapidly in 2017 . The trading and institutional client services segment of the Group mainly comprises equity sales and trading business, fixed income sales and trading business, investment research business, prime brokerage business and the QFII business . The equity sales and trading business of the Company mainly provides trading, advisory and research services, and distributes equity securities underwritten by the Company to institutional clients . The Company also engages in proprietary trading and market-making activities of stocks, funds, and financial derivatives including stock index futures, commodity futures, options and total return swaps . It provides clients with customized options and swaps products linked to various types of assets to meet the hedging and investment demand of institutional clients . With respect to the securities and trading business, the Company successfully guarded its bottom line for risk management . The Company put more effort on the deployment in the blue-chip segment in the stock market, and carried out its NEEQ market-making business based on the fundamentals for companies to pursue a balance between value and growth . The Company became qualified to conduct NEEQ market-making business in July 2014 . The NEEQ team provided market-making services to 84 listed companies in 2016, representing an increase of 64 .71% as compared to that at the end of 2015 . The on-floor trade amount ranked among the top 20% in the market with full score in the review of transaction management assessed by National Equities Exchange and Quotations Co ., Ltd . The accumulated trading volume was RMB1,040 million, representing an increase of 56 .86% as compared to that of 2015 . Along with the stable development of the existing business, the derivatives trading business actively explored new business models to enhance its investment strategies using its own funds to fulfil various business needs of clients . With respect to on-floor business, the Company constantly improved its traditional business such as quantitative investment and liquidity services while developing bulk commodities related business . With respect to over-the-counter (“OTC”) business, the Company consistently enriched the business models of swap transactions and OTC options with new linked subjects and revenue structure to meet the personalized investment needs of clients . As one of the first batches of participants in the stock index futures market, the Company was licensed to provide liquidity to ETF options on the Shanghai Stock Exchange in April 2015 . Outlook for 2017 In 2017, the macro-economy and the capital market tend to be stable . The Company will keep strengthening its tracking and research on stock index futures, stock options, commodity futures and other new products, contribute more resources on commodities segment, and explore cross-border investments and business cooperation to provide clients with hedging and risk management services . Meanwhile, leveraging on its advantage in fundamental pricing and based on the concept of value investment, the Company will continue to boost the diversification of its investment products and strategies to achieve a stable income in line with the market environment . Since 2016, under the rapid development of the bond offering size and intensified market competition, the Company successfully built a cross-region sales network with no blind spots by product categories according to its business development needs . Account managers maintain and provide professional service to satisfy the requirements of institutions in their respective responsible regions by such product categories . Whilst securing existing major clients, the Company focused on the development of investors including city commercial banks, rural commercial banks and private equity investment firms by province, and dug deep into the bond investments needs of various types of clients to achieve satisfactory sales performance . The sales of interest rate products for the year grew by 53%, and the scale of corporate bond sales ranked No . 1 in the industry . With respect to the FICC business, the Company actively explored the FICC segment for opportunities of investment in gold, foreign exchange and derivatives while investment transactions under traditional fixed income proprietary business maintained good performance in, so as to bring the synergy of FICC related business into full play by the cooperation between the FICC business and traditional fixed income products . Under the frequent occurrence of credit bond default events in the market, the Company successfully issued the “Credit Risk Mitigation Warrant (First Tranche) 2016 for CSC Financial Co ., Ltd .”, which targeted troubled assets and set securities company as the subject of credit sharing for the first time . This is a new attempt in the credit derivatives market of China after five years’ break, and provided credit risk hedge products for the market and the investors . Besides, the Company established an industry flagship brand in the credit derivatives sector and further strengthened its leading position in the fixed income derivatives industry . With respect to the proprietary business, the Company continued to maintain a prudent proprietary investment approach, and the proprietary corporate bonds business was at a good pace of development . As of the end of 2016, among the proprietary investment assets of the Company, the size of bond investments reached RMB30,475 million, representing an increase of 52 .77% as compared to that in 2015 . Bond investments accounted for 59 .16% of the total size of proprietary investment . The average return of bond investments outpaced the market, while the risk of significant market investments was hedged against . In 2016, the annualized rate of return of corporate bond investments reached 6 .41%, far surpassing the level of return of major bond indices in the market . Annual Report 2016 The investment advisory business of the Company kept market risks and credit risks well managed, and also kept abreast with the market pace to seize trading opportunities and to utilize derivatives for risk hedging properly to accomplish better investment results . In addition, the Company put more efforts in the marketing, and product design of the investment advisory business, proactively reached out to extensive market participants, and established cooperation with interested and potential clients to enhance its market influence . With respect to the asset securitization business, in 2016, the Company steadily developed its asset securitization business, of which both the total size and individual size of asset securitization projects underwritten by us as lead underwriter ranked among the top in the market . Our underwriting capability, sales ability and project development capability were widely recognized by the market . The Company successfully issued the Nong Ying Phase I Troubled Asset Securitization Project with the largest offering size among all NPL securitization products and the lowest interest rate among products of the same type during the same period . It had an extensive market influence and was well recognized by clients and investors . According to the statistics provided by Wind Info, in terms of the size of underwriting, the asset securitization projects underwritten by the Company ranked No . 6 in the market in 2016, among which the interbank asset securitization projects ranked No . 4 in the market . Outlook for 2017 In 2017, the Company will continue to develop the underwriting, issuance and sales business of bonds and asset securitization products, enhance market research and seize market opportunities to enhance investment in fixed income products and proactively explore investment advisory business . Specialized research capability is the foundation for institutional client services . The Company’s research is well recognized and highly influential in the industry, and highly trusted by institutional clients . The investment research business of the Company mainly provides institutional clients with research consultation services covering macro-economy, fixed income, strategy, industry, corporate, financial engineering and other aspects . Clients mainly include mutual funds, insurance companies, the National Social Security Fund, private equity funds, securities firms and other institutions . The research business of the Company provides clients with research reports and various kinds of tailored research consultation services . In 2016, the Company had a research and sales team comprising 143 members, and published a total of 2,284 research reports of various types . The Company’s stock research covered 24 industries and 2,073 domestic listed companies . The Company’s research business is highly influential in the industry . In the “14th New Fortune Best Analyst” competition in 2016, the Company’s research team ranked No . 10, No . 9 and No . 3 in the categories of “Best Domestic Research Team”, “Most Influential Research Institution” and “Research Institution with Best Progress”, respectively . Of all the 34 sectors of research for the competition, the Company ranked No . 1 in three sectors, namely the fixed income, military and communications sectors, and No . 2 in the sectors of coal mining . Outlook for 2017 In recent years, the competition for research talents has been extremely intense . In 2017, the Company will continue to reinforce the establishment of the research team to improve its research capability . The Company provides market-leading full-chain prime brokerage services to institutional investors, including trading service, account service, product design and agency sales, institutional investment and financing service, custody and outsourcing, research service, financing solution and value-added services . In 2016, the total assets under the custody and outsourcing business of the Company amounted to RMB129,100 million, representing an increase of 125%, ranking among the top in the industry . The number of products under custody was 996, ranking No . 6 in the industry according to the statistics provided by Wind Info . The number of outsourced products was 793 at a scale of services RMB62,700 million, representing an increase of 90% and 2 .3 times, respectively . Outlook for 2017 Institutional clients will play a more important role in capital market, and their demand for products and services will be more diversified and complicated . The Company will endeavor to develop prime brokerage business to provide institutional clients with investment and financing services . The QFII business of the Company mainly comprises QFII and RQFII brokerage agency business . With years of development, our QFII and RQFII businesses have developed a professional service brand featuring advanced transaction system and trading algorithm and extensive research information services . In 2016, the average AUM of our QFII and RQFII business clients reached RMB3,300 million, with a trading volume of RMB6,700 million . Annual Report 2016 Outlook for 2017 In 2017, the Company will expand the number of QFII and RQFII clients on top of the existing clients and potential clients and increase the AUM . Furthermore, leveraging on the advantages and resource consolidation of its domestic business as well as the overseas platform of China Securities International, the Company will increasingly explore the international market and proactively carry out QFII and RQFII businesses to provide high-level, all-round, diversified, differentiated and integrated financial services . The investment management segment of the Group mainly comprises asset management business, fund management business and private equity investment business . The Group provides asset management services to manage the financial assets of its clients . We has established a comprehensive product line covering currency, bonds, stocks, hybrid products, project investment, index-linked products, quantitative investment and asset securitization . We are qualified to conduct business related to insurance fund trust management and QDII, and we are a member of the Insurance Asset Management Association of China and the Securities Investment Association of China, respectively . The Group manages its investment through three types of schemes, namely the collective asset management scheme, the targeted asset management scheme and the specialized asset management scheme . As of the end of 2016, our AUM reached approximately RMB811 .4 billion, ranking No . 5 in the industry, representing an increase of 47 .08% as compared to that at the end of 2015 . The targeted wealth management products of the Company have been transforming from channel-based business to actively managed business . As of the end of 2016, the AUM of actively managed wealth management products of the Company amounted to approximately RMB153 .2 billion, representing an increase of 27 .54% as compared to that at the end of 2015 . The scale of our asset management business is as follows: 31 December 31 December For the overseas business, China Securities International provides consultation services and asset management with various investment instruments . In 2016, its total AUM reached US$658 million . On 30 November 2016, “China Securities (International) High Yield Bond Fund” was awarded first runner-up for “Best Total Return – Greater China Fixed Income (1 Year)” in the 2016 HKCAMA-Bloomberg Offshore China Fund Awards . Outlook for 2017 In 2017, the Company will continue to strengthen the development of traditional asset management business together with business expansion to enhance its sales ability and client service capabilities . Moreover, the Company will overall improve the product performance on top of the implementation of stringent risk management and establish an asset management team with expertise . Annual Report 2016 The Group established a fund management subsidiary, China Securities Funds, in September 2013 and has strived to develop it into an advanced fund management platform with robust and prudent investment style . China Securities Funds has a highly diversified client base covering commercial banks, securities firms, trust companies, financial companies, private equity funds and other clients . As of the end of 2016, the AUM of the fund management business was RMB212,400 million, representing an increase of 146 .65% as compared to that at the end of 2015 . Among them, the AUM of mutual fund and segregated account management (including that of Yuandaxin Capital Management (Beijing) Company Limited* ( ), being its subsidiary) was RMB9,500 million and RMB202,900 million, respectively, representing an increase of 64 .56% and 152 .51% as compared to that at the end of 2015, respectively . The fund management business of the Company has survived the challenge of significant fluctuation in the stock market in 2015 . As of the end of 2016, all fund products of the Company reported good results, among which 10 out of 12 mutual fund products recorded accumulated profits . Outlook for 2017 In 2017, the Company will strive for innovative development and sound operation, and endeavor to enhance investment and research capabilities to accelerate product innovation and expansion of sales channels . The Company will also highlight the advantages of fixed income products to enhance core competitiveness, so as to achieve steady growth in the AUM and to build a first-class fund management company in China . In 2016, in view of the grim domestic economy and a further optimized economic structure driven by the economic structure transformation in China, state-owned capital, private capital and direct investment companies established by securities firms competed for supremacy by utilizing their respective advantages, which has brought new opportunities, new landscape and new challenges to investments in the primary market . By leveraging on internal and external resources of the Company, China Securities Capital fully explored projects with potential, while striving to enlarge existing funds and develop new funds, eventually achieving the healthy operation and steady growth of the Company . As of the end of 2016, China Securities Capital managed a total of 12 funds, including six integrated funds, two industrial funds and four designated funds . The newly established funds amounted to RMB890 million, representing a YoY increase of 26 .64% . As of the end of 2016, China Securities Capital completed over 70 investment projects, including six main board listings, 18 NEEQ quotations, and nine exit projects, with average investment yield of 360% . According to China’s annual equity investment rankings published by Zero2IPO Research Center in 2016, China Securities Capital ranked No . 9 among direct investment companies established by securities firms in the top 100 private equity investment institutions in China . Outlook for 2017 In 2017, China Securities Capital will enhance its presence in the industry by improving channel construction to acquire more high-quality projects with higher expected return . China Securities Capital will further expand the scale by way of designated funds and parent funds to raise its ranking to progressively build an integrated brand of private equity investment fund . In 2016, the Group continued to maintain a positive development in respect of its various business operations and both of its revenue and net profit grew higher as compared to previous years . In 2016, the Group recognized total revenue and other income of RMB17,584 million in the aggregate, representing a YoY decrease of 28 .26% . Net profit attributable to equity holders of the Company amounted to RMB5,259 million, representing a YoY decrease of 39 .12% . Basic earnings per Share amounted to RMB0 .81, representing a YoY decrease of 40 .88% . Weighted average return on net assets was 18 .10%, representing a YoY decrease of 21 .90 percentage points . Total assets and total liabilities decreased at different levels . In 2016, the Group completed the listing of H Shares and the issuance of RMB-denominated corporate bonds, enabling the Group to supplement its working capital and maintain good liquidity . During the Reporting Period, due to market fluctuations, the Group made corresponding allowances for impairment losses in respect of assets which had indication of impairment, enabling the Group to maintain more prudent operations and high asset quality . As of 31 December 2016, the Group’s total assets amounted to RMB181,695 million, representing a YoY decrease of RMB1,493 million, or 0 .82% . Excluding accounts payable to brokerage clients, the Group’s total assets amounted to RMB124,959 million, representing a YoY increase of RMB13,816 million, or 12 .43% . As of 31 December 2016, the Group’s total liabilities amounted to RMB140,432 million, representing a YoY decrease of RMB12,573 million, or 8 .22% . Excluding accounts payable to brokerage clients, the Group’s total liabilities amounted to RMB83,696 million, representing a YoY increase of RMB2,736 million, or 3 .38% . As of 31 December 2016, the Group’s equity attributable to equity holders of the Company amounted to RMB41,063 million, representing a YoY increase of RMB10,957 million, or Annual Report 2016 A stable asset and liability structure was maintained . As of 31 December 2016, excluding accounts payable to brokerage clients, the Group’s total assets amounted to RMB124,959 million, among which investments, including investments in associates and investments in financial assets, accounted for 50 .43% of the total assets; margin accounts and financial assets held under resale agreements accounted for 30 .98% of the total assets; cash and bank balances accounted for 14 .03% of the total assets; and other assets in aggregate accounted for 4 .56% of the total assets . As of 31 December 2016, excluding accounts payable to brokerage clients, the Group’s total liabilities amounted to RMB83,696 million with a high proportion of short-term liabilities, among which the amount from financial assets sold under repurchase agreements accounted for 29 .91% of the total liabilities; short-term borrowings, placements from banks and other financial institutions, short-term financing instruments payable and non-current liabilities due within one year accounted for 29 .75% of the total liabilities; issued bonds accounted for 16 .31% of the total liabilities; financial liabilities held for trading, financial liabilities designated as at fair value through profit or loss and derivative financial liabilities accounted for 3 .72% of the total liabilities; and other liabilities in aggregate accounted for 20 .31% of the total liabilities . The gearing ratio of the Group slightly decreased . As of 31 December 2016, excluding accounts payable to brokerage clients, the gearing ratio of the Group was 66 .98%, representing a YoY decrease of 5 .86 percentage points . Excluding accounts payable to brokerage clients, the Group’s net increase in cash and cash equivalents was RMB1,372 million in 2016, representing a YoY decrease of RMB3,116 million, which was mainly due to the significant increase in cash outflow from investing activities YoY and the significant decrease in cash inflow from financing activities YoY . Net cash inflow from operating activities in 2016 was RMB20,411 million, representing a YoY increase of cash inflow of RMB31,829 million as compared to an outflow of RMB11,418 million in 2015, which was mainly attributable to the increase in net cash inflows from financial assets held for trading, margin accounts and placements from banks and other financial institutions . Net cash outflow from investing activities in 2016 was RMB17,294 million, representing a YoY increase of cash outflow of RMB13,170 million as compared to an outflow of RMB4,124 million in 2015, which was mainly attributable to the YoY increase in net cash outflow from purchase of available-for-sale financial assets . Net cash outflow from financing activities in 2016 was RMB1,745 million, representing a YoY decrease of cash inflow of RMB21,775 million as compared to cash inflow of RMB20,030 million in 2015, which was mainly attributable to the decrease in net cash inflow from bond issuances by the Group during the Reporting Period . In view of the above conditions, the net increase in cash flow from operating activities of the Group in 2016 was higher than that during the same period in 2015, and the capital strength, profitability, investment and solvency capabilities of the Group were strengthened gradually . Currently, the Company obtains short-term funds from commercial banks and other investors primarily by way of bond repurchases, inter-bank lending, margin refinancing, issuance of short-term commercial papers, issuance of beneficiary certificates, issuance of short-term corporate bonds by securities companies etc ., to investors on the Shanghai Stock Exchange, and to commercial banks through inter-bank market, inter-institutional private equity products quotation and service system and OTC market in accordance with the relevant policies and regulations . In addition, the Company may, subject to market conditions and its own demands, finance by way of placing, rights issue, issuance of corporate bonds, subordinated bonds, perpetual subordinated bonds and private placement bonds and other financing methods as approved by the competent authorities . To maintain a balance between liquidity and profitability, the Company held a number of fixed income products, and changes in interest rates will have direct impact on the interests received from the bank deposits held by the Company, as well as the market price of the bond investment and the investment income . Meanwhile, equity investment of the Company is also impacted, though indirectly, by changes in interest rates . In addition, the Company has subsidiaries which are incorporated outside mainland China, with the amounts invested by the Company denominated in foreign currencies . As the Group has foreign currency denominated capital and assets and has raised funds through the issuance of bonds denominated in foreign currencies by its overseas subsidiaries, changes in exchange rates and overseas market interest rate levels will have certain impacts on the Company . To maintain the liquidity and profitability of its assets, the Company’s proprietary capital is centrally managed by its treasury department . There are also a comprehensive management system and corresponding work flows in place . The Company fine tunes the structures of its different classes of assets and liabilities in a timely manner and utilizes corresponding financial tools to mitigate the risks and the impacts of the above factors . Annual Report 2016 In 2016, the Group accomplished a profit before income tax of RMB7,057 million, representing a YoY decrease of 38 .43% . Major financial highlights of the Group are as below: In 2016, the total revenue and other income of the Group amounted to RMB17,584 million, representing a YoY decrease of 28 .26% . The structure of revenue remained relatively stable . The revenue structure of the Group in the past four years is as follows: In 2016, the net fee and commission income of the Group amounted to RMB9,195 million, representing a YoY decrease of 27 .39% . Such decrease was mainly due to the decrease in fee and commission income from brokerage business . The breakdown of fee and commission income of the Group during 2015 and 2016 is as follows: Annual Report 2016 The Breakdown of Fee and Commission Income in 2015 and 2016 The Breakdown of Fee and Commission Income in 2016 The Breakdown of Fee and Commission Income in 2015 The fee and commission income from brokerage business decreased by RMB5,955 million, or 55 .73% YoY . In 2016, the trading volume of stocks and funds in A Share market in the PRC decreased by nearly 50% YoY . The fee and commission income from investment banking business increased by RMB1,284 million, or 37 .79% YoY . In 2016, the Company continued to develop its investment banking business and maintain its market ranking in forefront, with a significant increase in the fee and commission income from investment banking business . The fee and commission income from asset and fund management business increased by RMB324 million, or 41 .75% YoY . As of 31 December 2016, the AUM of entrusted assets of the Company amounted to approximately RMB811 .4 billion, representing an increase of approximately RMB259 .7 billion as compared to that at the end of 2015, ranking No . 5 in the industry in terms of the total AUM of entrusted assets in the asset management business (sources: the Securities Association of China, Asset Management Association of China and the Company) . In 2016, the net interest income of the Group amounted to RMB1,592 million, representing a YoY decrease of RMB762 million or 32 .37% . The table below sets out the major composition of the net interest income of the Group during the indicated periods: – Margin financing and securities – Financial assets held under resale – Accounts payable to brokerage – Financial assets sold under – Placements from banks and other – Bonds issued and short-term Interest income on margin financing and securities lending decreased by RMB821 million, or 25 .36% YoY, which was mainly due to a decrease in interest income resulting from the decline of scale in margin financing and securities lending business as a result of the weaker A Share market performance in China during 2016 . Interest income on financial assets held under resale agreements increased by RMB88 million, or 80 .00% YoY, which was mainly due to an increase in interest income arising from collateralized stock business . Annual Report 2016 Interest income on bank deposits decreased by RMB427 million, or 19 .26% YoY, which was mainly due to a decrease in interest income arising from capital deposits of clients . Interest expenses decreased by RMB370 million, or 11 .49% YoY, which was mainly due to a decrease in interest expenses arising from financial assets sold under repurchase agreements . In 2016, the net investment gains of the Group amounted to RMB2,412 million, representing a YoY decrease of 39 .40% . The table below sets out the major composition of the net investment gains of the Group during the indicated periods: Net gains from available-for-sale Net gains from financial instruments held for trading and financial instruments designated as at fair Net gains from available-for-sale financial assets decreased by RMB167 million, or 10 .20% YoY, attributable to a decrease of RMB356 million, or 42 .56% in gains from the disposal of available-for-sale financial assets, and an increase of RMB189 million, or 23 .55% in dividend income and interest income from available-for-sale financial assets held by the Group . Net gains from financial instruments held for trading and financial instruments designated as at fair value through profit or loss decreased by RMB1,919 million, or 66 .89% YoY . Investment gains arising from the holding and disposal of such instruments by the Group decreased by RMB1,758 million and the gains arising from changes in the fair value decreased by RMB161 million . Other investment gains increased by RMB518 million YoY, which was mainly attributable to an increase of investment gains from derivative financial instruments . In 2016, the total expenses of the Group (excluding fee and commission expenses and interest expenses) amounted to RMB6,286 million, representing a YoY decrease of RMB1,309 million, or 17 .24% . The table below sets out the major composition of the expenses of the Group during the indicated periods: Staff costs for the year recorded a decrease of RMB461 million, or 9 .72% YoY, which was mainly due to the decrease in performance-based remuneration . Tax and surcharges for the year recorded a decrease of RMB797 million, or 69 .67% YoY, which was mainly due to the transformation from business tax to value-added tax in the Company and domestic subsidiaries in the PRC in May 2016 . Asset impairment losses for 2016 amounted to RMB-2 million, representing a decrease of RMB157 million YoY, which was mainly due to a decrease in asset impairment losses of margin financing and securities lending business . The table below sets out the composition of the impairment losses of the Group during the indicated periods: Margin financing and Financial assets held under resale Annual Report 2016 As of 31 December 2016, the total assets of the Group were RMB181,695 million, representing a YoY decrease of 0 .82% . Excluding the effect of accounts payable to brokerage clients, the total assets of the Group amounted to RMB124,959 million as at 31 December 2016, representing a YoY increase of 12 .43% . Major changes in the total assets of the Group were as follows: 31 December 31 December Financial assets held for trading and financial assets designated as at fair Financial assets held under resale The following chart sets forth the composition of the total assets of the Group as of the dates indicated: Analysis of the Components of Assets at the end of 2016 Analysis of the Components of Assets at the end of 2015 Financial assets held for trading and financial assets designated as at fair value Financial assets held under Financial assets held for trading and financial assets designated as at fair value Financial assets held under The investment of the Group primarily comprises available-for-sale financial assets, investments in associates, financial assets held for trading and financial assets designated as at fair value through profit or loss, held-to-maturity investments, etc . As of 31 December 2016, the total external investments of the Group were RMB63,023 million, representing a YoY increase of RMB15,105 million, or 31 .52% . Its total external investments accounted for 50 .43% of the total assets, representing a YoY increase of 7 .32 percentage points . The following table sets out, as of the dates indicated, the investments of the Group and its percentage to the total assets by category: 31 December 2016 31 December 2015 Percentage to Percentage to Financial assets held for trading and financial assets designated as at fair Annual Report 2016 As of 31 December 2016, available-for-sale financial assets of the Group increased by RMB17,247 million, or 99 .42% YoY, accounting for 27 .69% of the total assets of the Group, which was mainly due to the increase in the Company’s investments in debt instruments and wealth management products . The following table sets forth the available-for-sale financial assets portfolio of the Group: 31 December 2016 31 December 2015 Percentage to total available- for-sale Percentage to total available- for-sale 31 December 31 December As of 31 December 2016, the Group’s investments in associates increased by RMB122 million, or 244 .00% YoY, which was mainly due to the increase in the number of associates during the Reporting Period . Financial Assets Held for Trading and Financial Assets Designated as at Fair As of 31 December 2016, the Group’s financial assets held for trading and financial assets designated as at fair value through profit or loss accounted for 22 .05% of the total assets of the Group, and decreased by RMB2,437 million, or 8 .13% YoY, which was mainly due to the significant decrease in fund investments held for trading and financial assets designated as at fair value through profit or loss . The following table sets forth the components of the Group’s financial assets held for trading and financial assets designated as at fair value through profit or loss: 31 December 31 December Financial assets designated as at fair As of 31 December 2016, cash and bank balances increased by RMB1,372 million YoY, which was mainly attributable to the issuance of new Shares by the Group during the year . 31 December 31 December Annual Report 2016 As of 31 December 2016, total liabilities of the Group amounted to RMB140,432 million, representing a YoY decrease of RMB12,573 million, or 8 .22% . Excluding the effect of accounts payable to brokerage clients, total liabilities of the Group would have amounted to RMB83,696 million as at 31 December 2016, representing a YoY increase of 3 .38% . The following table sets out the breakdown of the total liabilities of the Group as of the dates indicated: 31 December 31 December Short-term borrowings, placements from banks and other financial institutions, short-term commercial papers payable and non-current Financial liabilities held for trading, financial liabilities designated as at fair value through profit or loss and Financial assets sold under repurchase During the year, the A Share market in China recorded a decrease in overall trading volume as compared to that of 2015 . As of 31 December 2016, the domestic accounts payable to brokerage clients decreased significantly . Total accounts payable to brokerage clients of the Group amounted to RMB56,736 million and accounted for 40 .40% of the total liabilities of the Group, representing a YoY decrease of RMB15,309 million, or 21 .25% . The following table sets out the Group’s accounts payable to brokerage clients by geographical locations and types of customers as of the dates indicated: 31 December 31 December As of 31 December 2016, short-term borrowings, placements from banks and other financial institutions, short-term commercial papers payable and non-current liabilities falling due within one year amounted to RMB24,899 million in aggregate, representing an increase of 9 .53% YoY, mainly attributable to the increase in refinanced funds . As of 31 December 2016, financial liabilities held for trading, financial liabilities designated as at fair value through profit or loss and derivative financial liabilities amounted to RMB3,115 million, representing a YoY increase of 996 .83%, mainly attributable to the increase in financial liabilities held for trading . As of 31 December 2016, financial assets sold under repurchase agreements decreased by RMB4,231 million, or 14 .46% YoY, which was mainly attributable to the decrease in beneficial rights over margin financing and securities lending sold under repurchase agreements . As of 31 December 2016, the Group’s total outstanding amount of bonds payable due beyond one year amounted to RMB13,653 million, representing a YoY decrease of RMB1,419 million . In 2016, the Group issued corporate bonds of RMB4,500 million . Annual Report 2016 As of 31 December 2016, the total equity of the Group amounted to RMB41,263 million, representing a YoY increase of 36 .71%, mainly attributable to the initial public offering of H Shares and the increase in net profit in 2016 . The following table sets out the components of the Group’s total equity as at the dates indicated: 31 December 31 December The Company has four subsidiaries, a summary of which is set out below: Shareholding of the Date of Registered China Securities 16 March 1993 11-B (Parallel to Ground Level)/11-A, 8-B4, 9-B&C (Nominal Level), Shangzhan Building, 107 Zhongshan Third Road, Yuzhong District, 11-B (Parallel to Ground Level)/11-A, 8-B4, 9-B&C (Nominal Level), Shangzhan Building, 107 Zhongshan Third Road, Yuzhong District, Chongqing ( China Securities 31 July 2009 12/F, Block B, Kaiheng Center Building, Dongcheng District, Beijing ( Room 2, East Side, 6/F, 188 Chaoyangmennei Avenue, Dongcheng District, Beijing ( China Securities 12 July 2012 Share capital of HK$1,000 18/F, Two Exchange Square, 8 Connaught Place, Central, Hong 18/F, Two Exchange Square, 8 Connaught Place, Central, China Securities 9 September 2013 17&19/F, Block B, Kaiheng Center Building, Dongcheng District, Beijing Unit 1, Building No . 3, Balongqiao Yayuan, Qiaozi Town, Huairou District, Beijing ( In addition, the associate of the Company also includes: Shareholding Held Zhongguancun Equity Exchange Services Group 10% 28 January 2013 Annual Report 2016 General information about the subsidiaries of the Company is as follows: China Securities Futures is a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company with registered capital of RMB700 million . As of 31 December 2016, total assets and net assets of China Securities Futures amounted to RMB6,462 .11 million and RMB979 .04 million, respectively . In 2016, China Securities Futures realized total revenue and other income amounting to RMB408 .58 million in aggregate, profit before income tax amounting to RMB221 .03 million and net profit amounting to RMB187 .51 million . The principal business of China Securities Futures includes commodities futures brokerage, financial futures brokerage, futures investment advisory, asset management and fund sale . China Securities Capital is a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company with registered capital of RMB650 million . As of 31 December 2016, total assets and net assets of China Securities Capital amounted to RMB1,683 .22 million and RMB884 .38 million, respectively . In 2016, China Securities Capital realized total revenue and other income amounting to RMB93 .42 million in aggregate, profit before income tax amounting to RMB37 .52 million and net profit amounting to RMB12 .95 million . The principal business of China Securities Capital includes project investment, investment management, asset management and financial advisory (excluding intermediary services) . China Securities International is a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company with Share capital of HK$1 billion . As of 31 December 2016, total assets and net assets of China Securities International amounted to RMB6,173 .68 million and RMB926 .55 million, respectively . In 2016, China Securities International realized total revenue and other income amounting to RMB421 .15 million in aggregate, profit before income tax amounting to RMB63 .67 million and net profit amounting to RMB39 .08 million . The principal business of China Securities International includes investment holding . Its subsidiaries engage in the business of securities brokerage, asset management, investment banking, pledge and financing, dealing in futures and proprietary investment . China Securities Funds is a controlling subsidiary of the Company with registered capital of RMB300 million . As of 31 December 2016, total assets and net assets of China Securities Funds amounted to RMB467 .19 million and RMB396 .93 million, respectively . In 2016, China Securities Funds realized total revenue and other income amounting to RMB331 .46 million in aggregate, profit before income tax amounting to RMB141 .75 million and net profit amounting to RMB109 .44 million . The principal business of China Securities Funds includes fundraising, fund sale, asset management for specific clients, asset management, other business as approved by the CSRC . General information of an associate is as follows: Zhongguancun Equity Exchange Services Group Limited is an associate of the Company with registered capital of RMB500 million . As of 31 December 2016, total assets and net assets of Zhongguancun Equity Exchange Services Group Limited amounted to RMB1,266 .19 million and RMB1,241 .82 million, respectively . In 2016, Zhongguancun Equity Exchange Services Group Limited realized total revenue and other income amounting to RMB85 .28 million in aggregate, total profit amounting to RMB42 .13 million and net profit amounting to RMB41 .24 million (unaudited) . The principal business of Zhongguancun Equity Exchange Services Group Limited includes provision of trading venues and services for registration, custody, trading, settlement, investment and financing of Shares of non-listing joint stock companies, equity interests of limited companies, bonds and other various types of equity interests or creditor’s right; provision of service for innovation and trading of financial products . (Projects subject to approval as required by laws shall be carried out in accordance with the approved scope after obtaining the approval from relevant authorities .) The general information of Branches is as follows: No . 3/F, Block A, Longyuan Building, 24 Zhongbei Road, 6 February 2012 Shanghai Room 1605, 1606 and 1607, 518 Kunming Road, Yangpu 6 February 2012 Shenyang No . 1, 12/F, 61 Beizhan Road, Shenhe District, Shenyang 7 February 2012 Jiangsu 2/F, Huanghe Building, 58 Longyuan West Road, Gulou 13 February 2012 No . 9, Furong Middle Road Section 2, Furong District, 1 March 2013 3/F, Wuyi Center, 33 East Street, Gulou District, Fuzhou 16 April 2013 Zhejiang Room 604, 6/F, 225 Qing Chun Road, Shangcheng 18 April 2013 Northwest 56 Nanda Street, Beilin District, Xi’an City, Shaanxi 19 April 2013 Annual Report 2016 No . Guangdong Room 5102 and 5105, 30 Zhujiang East Road, Tianhe 24 April 2013 Chongqing 2–2, Block 2, Yijing Fenghao, 195 Longshan Road, 14 April 2014 Shenzhen 22/F, Block B, Rongchao Business Center, 6003 Yitian 21 April 2014 Sichuan 25, South Third Section, First Ring Road, Wuhou District, 25 April 2014 Shandong 11/F, Block 4, 8 Long’ao North Road, Lixia District, Jinan 23 May 2014 Jiangxi Branch Unit 5, 30/F, Block 2#, Heping International Hotel, 69 Yanjiang North Avenue, Donghu District, Nanchang 28 May 2014 1–2/F, Zhonghua Mansion, 3 Shangwu Outer Ring Road, 3 June 2014 Shanghai Free Trade Zone Room 02B, 15/F, 2 Maji Road, China (Shanghai) Pilot 26 September 2014 Room 201, International Communication Center South Building, Tianjin University of Technology, 26 Yuliang 10 November 2014 Note: “Date of establishment” refers to the date of obtaining a business license of the securities institution . During the Reporting Period, the number of structural entities included in the consolidated financial statements of the Company changed to six . The number of primary entities included in the consolidated financial statement of the Company changed to ten . No Change in the Income Tax Policy of the Company during the From 1 January 2008, the Enterprise Income Tax Law of the PRC ( ) and the Regulations on the Implementation of Enterprise Income Tax Law of the PRC ( ) became effective for the Company and other subsidiaries (except China Securities Futures and China Securities International) . Income tax computation and payment are governed by the Announcement of the State Administration of Taxation on Printing and Distributing the Administrative Measures for Collection of Consolidated Payments of Enterprise Income Tax by the Enterprises with (Public Notice of the State Administration of Taxation [2012] No . 57) . The income tax rate applicable to the Company is 25% . In accordance with Explanation on Implementation of Tax Preferential Treatments concerning Western China Development Strategy ( ) issued by the local taxation bureau in Yuzhong District, Chongqing City, the applicable income tax rate for China Securities Futures was 15% . The applicable income tax rate for China Securities International was 16 .5% . Annual Report 2016 In 2016, the Company continued to adhere to the core value of “recognition for achievement”, as well as the concepts of “risk management as priority” and “healthy development” to strive for better service for existing customers and realize mutual growth with the enterprise . In the meantime, the Company penetrated the local market and moved towards the international to explore outstanding potential customers . The Company aimed at regarding the advantages of investment bank business as the starting point to steadily develop innovative business . By integrating the trend of the PRC and global capital market, the Company aimed at becoming a large best-in-class full-service investment bank with the base in the PRC and global vision . Investment bank business of the Company continued to remain at a leading position in the industry . The number of equity interest financing projects ranked first in the industry, while the amount of lead underwriting ranked second, among which the amount and number of IPO lead underwriting ranked first and third, respectively . Underwriting size of bond business ranked first in the industry, among which the issued volume and underwriting size of corporate bonds both ranked the first . For merger and acquisition business, the number of substantial asset restructuring projects ranked fifth in the industry, and the number of listing on the NEEQ ranked fourth in the industry . (Source: Wind Info, National Equities Exchange Company and statistics of the Company) Wealth management business of the Company remained at the top of the market . Agency of stock and fund trading amount was RMB7,750 billion and the market Share was 2 .98%, ranking tenth in the industry . The number of mutual fund products distributed was 2,624 and the coverage of products on agency sale was 63 .27%, ranking first in the industry . The balance of our domestic margin financing and securities lending amounted to RMB29 .9 billion, and the market Share was 3 .18%, ranking eleventh in the industry, among which the margin loans ranked No . 10 . (Sources: Shanghai and Shenzhen Stock Exchanges, China Securities Depositary and Clearing Corporation, The Securities Association of China and statistics of the Company) The performance of trading and institutional customer service business of the Company remained at a leading position . For fixed income, the sales size of corporate bonds ranked first in the industry, and the bond investment return on annual basis was much higher than the major bond index . For investment research, the research team of the Company ranked first from “New Fortune” in three industries, namely, fixed income, military industry and communications . The asset management business of the Company developed rapidly . As of the end of 2016, the AUM size of the Company was approximately RMB811 .4 billion, ranking the fifth in the industry (Source: The Securities Association of China) . With an emphasis on reasonable returns to its investors, the Company implements a consistent and solid profit distribution policy . The profit distribution policy of the Company, particularly the establishment and implementation of cash dividend policy, is in strict compliance with the relevant provisions under the Articles of Association, and is considered and approved by the Board and the general meeting of the Company . The Company has a definite and clear policy regarding cash dividends payment criteria and ratio, and a standard decision-making procedure and mechanism . From 2014 to 2016, the dividends paid by the Company are as follows: Amount of dividend for Amount of cash dividend (tax inclusive) Net profit attributable to equity holders of the Company as stated in the consolidated financial statements of the Percentage to net profit attributable to equity holders of the Company as stated in the consolidated financial 2016 (proposed) Annual Report 2016 The 2016 Profit Distribution Plan: The Company will adopt the cash dividend payment method for its 2016 profit distribution (i .e . 100% cash dividend), and distribute to the holders of Domestic Shares and H Shares whose names appeared on the register of members of the Company on the record date of the 2016 cash dividend, with a proposed total cash dividend of RMB1,304,349,342 .84 (tax inclusive), representing 24 .80% of the net profit attributable to the equity holders of the Company, which amounted to RMB5,259,251,675 .20, in the consolidated financial statements for 2016, and 39 .73% of the distributable profits of the Company for the year . Based on the total number of Shares of the Company up to date, i .e . 7,246,385,238 Shares, cash dividend of RMB1 .80 (tax inclusive) will be distributed for every 10 Shares . In case of any changes in the total number of issued Shares of the Company on the record date as a result of placing, repurchase or other reasons, the amount of cash dividend per Share will be adjusted accordingly based on the total amount of RMB1,304,349,342 .84 (tax inclusive) . Cash dividend is denominated and declared in RMB and payable in RMB to the Domestic Shareholders, and in Hong Kong dollars to the H Shareholders . The actual amounts declared in Hong Kong dollars are converted based on the average benchmark exchange rate for RMB to Hong Kong dollars as announced by the People’s Bank of China for the five business days before the convening of 2016 annual general meeting of the Company . The 2016 profit distribution plan of the Company is subject to the consideration and approval at the 2016 annual general meeting so as to come into effect . If an approval is obtained, the Company expects to distribute the cash dividends for 2016 within two months from the date of such general meeting . The Company attaches great importance to the formation of a risk management system . Adopting the risk management concept of “risk management by all, risk management as priority”, the Company regards alignment with the general operating strategic goal of the Company and maintaining risks at a tolerable level as the foundation of risk management and seeks to ensure that risks associated with various businesses of the Company are measurable, controllable and commensurate with returns . The Company continues to enhance its risk management system in accordance with the needs arising from its business development and the regulatory requirements, so as to ensure the progressive enhancement and effective operation of a comprehensive risk management mechanism . The Board of Directors is the Company’s ultimate decision-making body for risk management . The executive management is the executive body, while different units are responsible for directly managing the risks in their business or operational activities . The Company has three dedicated risk control departments, namely the Risk Management Department, the Legal and Compliance Department and the Internal Audit Department, which independently monitor and manage risks before the event, during the event and after the event, according to their respective roles and responsibilities . The Board of Directors makes decisions with respect to the Company’s risk management strategies and policies, internal control arrangements, as well as the resolution of significant risk events . The Risk Management Committee under the Board of Directors is responsible for supervising the overall risk management of the Company and ensuring the risks are adequately managed so that risk management activities may be effectively carried out on risks associated with the Company’s business and operating activities . The Risk Management Committee also has the following responsibilities: preparing the overall risk management policies for the Board’s deliberation; determining the strategic structure and resources for risk management so that they are aligned with the internal risk management policies; setting limits for major risks; and supervising and reviewing the risk management policies and making recommendations to the Board . The Company’s Executives Committee makes decisions with respect to the prevention, control, mitigation, or acceptance of risks in the Company’s business and operating activities and makes decisions on efforts to improve the internal control rules and procedures and control measures in accordance with the risk management policies adopted by the Board . The Risk Management Committee under the Executives Committee of the Company is responsible for reviewing, determining and submitting to the Company for decision-making our risk appetite, risk tolerance level and major risk limits; approving risk limits and risk control standards specific to each business line; formulating and promoting the implementation of our risk management rules and procedures; reviewing and approving new businesses and products; reviewing and approving our risk reports; conducting research on risk control strategies and action plans for major business matters . The Chief Risk Officer of the Company, acting as the chairman of the Risk Management Committee, is responsible for overall risk management including organising the formulation of relevant risk management rules and procedures, improving the Company’s risk management practices, and leading the efforts of the Risk Management Department in the identification, evaluation, monitoring and reporting of various risks . Annual Report 2016 Each and every department and branch/subsidiary of the Company, within their respective roles and responsibilities, implement the decisions, rules and procedures, and risk control polices of the Company, and implement risk-control measures and engage in direct risk control efforts in their business activities . Every employee of the Company has the responsibility to comply with the Company’s relevant rules and procedures and contribute to daily risk control efforts as part of their work . The Risk Management Department that is responsible for risk management of the Company, the Legal and Compliance Department that is responsible for legal affairs and compliance management, and the Internal Audit Department that is responsible for the Company’s internal audit activities are the three independent risk management departments that establish their own rules and procedures and operate independently to perform risk management functions of the Company . Specifically, the Risk Management Department is responsible for before- and during-the-event risk management through risk monitoring and assessment, the Legal Compliance Department is responsible for managing the overall legal and compliance risks of the Company, and the Internal Audit Department is responsible for conducting audits to identify material defects in key rules and procedures and processes, as well as internal control weakness, and supervising corrections and rectifications . The Risk Management Department works with business and management departments to identify major risks during the course of different business and management activities, issue the Risk Catalogue and Key Control List, and continue to update the same in light of business changes and monitoring findings . The Risk Management Department formulates the risk monitoring processes and indicators for key business and management lines . In particular, risk monitoring indicators for brokerage business, proprietary business, securities financing business, and asset management business as well as risk control indicators including net capital are embedded in the monitoring system, while the risk monitoring for other business or management lines primarily relies on regular and ad hoc monitoring . The Risk Management Department also formulates operational process for risk assessment, and determines main assessment methods and qualitative and quantitative risk rating criteria for various types of risks . It assesses and rates the risk matters on an ongoing basis, evaluates the control of major business risks on a regular basis, and conducts comprehensive year-end assessments of the risk control process, risk exposures and positions, and risk incidents of the departments, branches and subsidiaries as a key component of their performance assessment . The Risk Management Department is responsible for building mechanisms for communicating and reporting risk information and significant risk warnings . The Company has established a risk information management system for communicating and managing risk information and providing significant risk warnings . The Risk Management Department is responsible for formulating operational procedures for communicating and reporting risk information and issuing risk warnings, and the departments and branches and subsidiaries report risk information or issue warnings on potential risks identified by themselves to the Risk Management Department . The Risk Management Department then manages the risk information, performs comprehensive analyses on various risk information to identify risk control weaknesses and loopholes and propose recommendations on improving risk control, reports significant risks to the Chief Risk Officer and executive management or a Risk Management Committee, and at the same time, communicates risk information to relevant departments, while tracking any follow-up activities . The Risk Management Department prepares risk reports and risk control recommendation reports according to the results on risk identification, monitoring and assessment, and reports the findings to involved parties and the executive management of the Company . The Risk Management Department continuously monitors risks and the risk control status by following up on the implementation of risk control recommendations by relevant parties in managing risks identified in the risk reports . The Legal & Compliance Department manages legal and compliance risks through compliance consultation, compliance review, compliance inspection, compliance supervision, compliance reporting, complaints reporting and handling, compliance accountability, information segregation wall, anti-money laundering and a series of compliance management methods as well as contracts, litigation management and other before- and during-the-event management for business lines . The Internal Audit Department detects material defects in key rules and procedures and processes or internal control weaknesses through audits, reports these issues to the Supervisory Committee, the Audit Committee, management, the Legal & Compliance Department and the Risk Management Department, and drives any follow-up corrections and rectifications . The risks in the daily operating activities of the Company primarily include credit risk, liquidity risk, market risk, operational risk and compliance risk . The Company has established specific policies and procedures to identify and address these risks, set out appropriate risk limits and internal control processes to manage these risks, and built a sound control mechanism and information technology systems to continuously monitor and control these risks . In particular, these mainly include the following aspects: Annual Report 2016 Credit risk arising from securities financing business primarily includes fraudulent credit information from customers, clients’ failure to repay debts in full in a timely manner, clients’ breach of contract with respect to the size and structures of trading positions, clients’ violation of regulatory requirements in their trading actions, decline in value or liquidity of collateral provided by clients, and involvement of collateral in legal disputes . Methods for managing credit risk arising from such business primarily include client risk education, credit investigation and verification on clients, credit management, setting proper limits, daily marking to market, client risk warnings, forced close-out, and rights of recourse . Credit risk arising from bond investments is primarily due to counterparty defaults, credit issuer defaults or decline in the creditworthiness of issuers, among others . The Company establishes ratings and credit lines for counterparties and maintains black lists to manage its counterparty credit risk, and sets a number of credit limits to control risks on credit facilities, including minimum ratings for credit products and maximum credit exposure of a single borrower . The Company controls credit risk arising from over-the-counter derivative transactions through setting counterparty ratings and credit lines, and setting limits on the sizes of transactions and credit risk exposures before transactions take place . The Company conducts a daily check and measurement of the credit risk exposures of counterparties . The Company has also adopted mark-to-market practices to monitor the contracts of derivative transactions and for valuation of collateral, and established forced position squaring procedures to control its credit risk exposures within established limits . In order to manage the credit risk arising from the brokerage business, securities brokerage transactions in Mainland China are all settled on a fully pledged basis, which enables settlement risks associated with brokerage business to be well under control . The Company strictly complies with relevant trading and settlement rules and procedures to eliminate non-compliant financing operations for clients . With regard to clients’ credit risk, the Company has adopted safeguarding measures to prevent overdraft or negative balance of equivalent securities for repurchase financing clients, including minimum ratio of equivalent securities retained and maximum leverage ratio, and established various rules and practices to manage the credit risk of option trading clients, including margin management, position limits, and forced close-out . Furthermore, the Company’s Risk Management Department monitors the credit risk on an ongoing basis, including tracking the credit qualification status of counterparties and bond issuers, as well as using stress testing and sensitivity analysis, among others, to measure the credit risk of major business lines . The Company has established clear decision-making levels, along with authority delegation, specialized management and risk control rules and procedures, and has clearly defined the roles, responsibilities and authorities of the Board of Directors, as well as executive management and business departments in liquidity risk management . The Company has established strict rules and procedures for managing its proprietary funds and requires strict compliance with these rules and procedures in incurring debts, providing guarantees and making investments . The Company also sets liquidity risk limits and conducts daily position analyses and monthly liquidity position analyses to manage liquidity movements . For effective management of market liquidity risk of its securities portfolios, the Company has implemented securities centralisation management for securities investment and financing activities, and adopted bond credit rating criteria for fixed-income securities investments . The Company calculates liquidity coverage ratios and net stable funds ratios as per regulatory requirements and all indicators fall within the safety zone . The Company established the Treasury Operations Department to manage the liquidity of its proprietary funds, including developing mid- and long-term stable funding channels, improving asset allocation among business lines, and steadily optimising its assets and liabilities structure . The Company continues to improve its daily practices for liquidity risk management with the assistance of classified liquidity reserves, liquidity contingency planning, and stress testing . In addition to strengthening liquidity management practices and systems, the Company aims to further expand the use of information technology and the level of automation in process management, fund allocation, and position monitoring . Since 2016, the Company has commenced the trial run of an internal funds transfer pricing (FTP) system, which controls the liquidity risk of the Company by promoting reasonable asset-liability planning in every business line through an internal market-oriented mechanism . For market risks, the Company has established a sound risk management organizational structure and built risk management processes that enable coverage of activities before, during and after making investments, with an overall risk limits application . The Company annually reviews and approves risk limits for the entire Company as well as each proprietary business line, including: exposure limits, stop-loss limits, value-at-risk (“VaR”) limits and stress testing limits, with the Risk Management Department monitoring and supervising their implementation and compliance . The Company has adopted daily mark-to-market practices, and implemented stop-loss procedures commensurate with its trading strategies . On a regular basis, the Company assesses the risk tolerance of its proprietary business lines and the effectiveness of risk control, and includes the assessment results in the performance evaluation of these business lines . The Company makes ongoing efforts to improve its proprietary business management system, to steadily realize automated controls over relevant limit indicators . Annual Report 2016 The Company utilizes VaR as a tool to measure the market risk of its entire securities investment portfolio comprising different types of financial instruments . VaR is a method that estimates the maximum possible loss on the portfolio due to fluctuations in market interest rates or securities prices over a specified time period and within a given confidence interval . VaR model relies on relevant information of historical data, and accordingly, it has certain inherent limitations so that it may not accurately predict the future changes of risk factors and in particular, cannot effectively reflect the risk under extreme market conditions . Therefore, the Company uses stress testing as a supplementary tool for assessing the market risk . The Company primarily uses sensitivity analysis to monitor its interest rate risk . Sensitivity analysis measures the impact of fair value changes to financial instruments held at the year end on the Company’s total income and Shareholders’ equity when reasonable and possible changes occur to interest rates, assuming all other variables remain the same . Sensitivity analysis assumes that market interest rates shift in a parallel manner and does not consider any risk management actions that the management may take to reduce interest rate risk . With regard to foreign exchange rate risk management, as the proportion of assets denominated in foreign currencies held by our Company is insignificant, and represents a small portion of the income structure, the Company is of the view that the impact of foreign exchange rate risk on the Company’s current operation has increased, but remains insignificant in general . The Company manages its foreign exchange rate risk by limiting the size of assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies, assigning stop-loss limits for investments in overseas companies and risk hedging with foreign exchange derivatives . Concerning the potential operational risks in each business and management activity of the Company, the Company carries out the segregation of various businesses with three lines of defense comprising a system of checks and balances between its front, middle and back offices . A business authority delegation and accountability system, as well as a management system, procedures and risk control measures for each business has been established and reinforced . Within the scope of authority of the Company, operational risks are transferred or mitigated by personnel and operation outsourcing and, where necessary, insurance is purchased to the extent authorized . Mechanisms for information exchange, reporting of major events and information feedback have also been set up . The independent Risk Management Department of the Company monitors and assesses the operational risks of various businesses including the brokerage business, and also implements regular risk control evaluation . It examines the key risks of various business and management lines, and establishes and implements key control measures in practical business procedures . The business departments are organized to conduct self-evaluation of risk and control to identify new material risks and take appropriate risk control measures . Statistical analysis on various types of operational risk events is performed at least on an annual basis to calculate the frequency of their occurrence and the level of losses, as well as to assess the changing trend of risk and risk allocations . The Company has designated the Legal and Compliance Department as the department responsible for compliance management under the guidance of the Chief Compliance Officer to carry out independent compliance management of the Company . The main responsibilities of compliance management of the Legal and Compliance Department are: to examine and assess compliance risk during the business operation of the Company, to formulate a basic system of compliance management and commence compliance reviews, and provide compliance consultation, compliance supervision, compliance inspection, compliance training and other compliance management issues, so as to extensively define the rules of reporting on violation of laws and regulations and compliance accountability . Specific or part-time compliance management officers are engaged in all functional departments, business lines and securities branches of the Company, and are responsible for daily compliance issues in their own departments . The compliance management of the Company has permeated all divisions of the Company, such as decision-making, implementation, supervision and feedback, which have been included in the whole process of executive management of the Company . The Company proactively cultivates a culture of compliance and improves the self-restraint mechanisms in order to ensure compliant operations and standardized development . 