The Group is principally engaged in the trading of pharmaceutical products in the PRC. The Group has continued to maintain its leading position in the distribution of the prescription drug market in Zhejiang province with its unremitting efforts in business development. As at 31 December 2016, the Group had 21 pharmaceutical products, of which 18 pharmaceutical products were included in the Medical Insurance Drugs Catalogs. Those drugs are applied to various diseases or illness such as cardiovascular diseases, cerebrovascular diseases, digestive system illness, rheumatism, urinary system illness, anti- viral infection and or used as health supplements. The Group’s injection drugs have generated a predominant portion of revenue. Other products of the Group include capsule and granule drugs, tablet drugs and other drugs. The Group’s current product portfolio primarily comprises 12 injection drugs which are mainly prescription drugs. The table below sets out the revenue of the Group (by form of products) for the two years ended 31 December 2016, respectively. Revenue contributed Gross (i) The injection drugs segment generated a revenue of approximately HK$207.0 million for the Year (2015: HK$211.0 million), representing a decrease of approximately 1.9% as compared to 2015. Such decrease was primarily attributable to the cessation of sales of the Group’s injection products with relatively low gross profit margin after the price cut for drugs in the public hospitals drug procurement list imposed by several city governments in Zhejiang province since the third quarter of 2015. The gross profit margin of the injection drugs segment was approximately 15.7% in 2016, representing a decrease of approximately 9.8 percentage points, as compared to approximately 25.5% in 2015. The lower gross profit margin was due to the price cut for drugs in the public hospitals drug procurement list as imposed by the several city governments in Zhejiang province since the third quarter of 2015 and increase in expenses to obtain an injection drug’s exclusive distribution right and increase in amortisation expenses on the trademark of an injection drug. Business Review (Continued) (ii) The capsule and granule drugs segment generated a revenue of approximately HK$15.7 million for the Year (2015: HK$35.5 million), representing a decrease of approximately 55.8% as compared to 2015. Such decrease was primarily attributable to the cessation of sales of (i) the Group’s granule product Cefprozil Granules after the expiry of the distribution agreement in November 2015; and (ii) the Group’s capsule products with relatively low gross profit margin after the price cut for drugs in the public hospitals drug procurement list imposed by several city governments in Zhejiang province since the third quarter of 2015. The gross profit margin of the capsule and granule drugs segment was approximately 11.0% in 2016, as compared to approximately 27.6% in 2015, decreasing by approximately 16.6 percentage points from 2015 due to the price cut for the drugs in the public hospitals drug procurement list as imposed by several city governments in Zhejiang province since the third quarter of 2015. (iii) The tablet drugs segment generated a revenue of approximately HK$0.3 million for the Year (2015: HK$2.3 million), representing a decrease of approximately 87.0% as compared to 2015. Such decrease was primarily attributable to the decrease in the sales of the Group’s major products in this segment, namely Cefixime Dispersible Tablet as such product was categorised as antibiotic which should be under limited use as stated in the Administrative Catalogue of the Clinical Use of Antibiotics of Zhejiang Province (2012 version). (vi) The other drugs segment generated a revenue of approximately HK$2.4 million for the Year (2015: HK$4.2 million). The decrease was primarily due to the decrease of sales of several vitro diagnostic reagents during the Year. Regarding the Group’s distribution network, as of 31 December 2016, the Group procured pharmaceutical products throughout the PRC from 21 suppliers and the Group sold pharmaceutical products through a network of 216 distributor customers, of which 44 distributor customers cover Zhejiang province with the remaining 172 distributor customers being spread over 22 regions in the PRC, including Shanghai, Chongqing, Anhui province, Sichuan province, Hebei province and Guangdong province. In addition, the Group successfully promoted its products to over 800 hospitals through the last tendering process in Zhejiang province in 2014. The Group will assist its suppliers by providing (i) its industry and market expertise; (ii) the marketing intelligence of the products and the provincial market; and (iii) the competitive price suggestions in relation to the collective tendering process, to the suppliers. The Group’s reliable supply network and extensive distributorship allow its products to penetrate into different niche markets effectively. The Group believes the assistance provided to the suppliers will strengthen the relationship between the Group and its suppliers and will increase the Group’s exposure in China’s pharmaceutical market in order to attract reputable suppliers and distributor customers. (i) Generally, all pharmaceutical products procured by public hospitals and medical institutions in the PRC are subject to provincial collective tendering process that involves bidding by pharmaceutical manufacturers of these products. The latest provincial collective tendering process in Zhejiang Province was held in 2014 which involved three batches of tendering. 7 pharmaceutical products distributed by Group as at 31 December 2016 were involved in the Batch 3 provincial collective tendering process (“Batch 3 Tendering Process”). The results of the Batch 3 Tendering Process are pending to be released. In the year of 2016, the Group continued to enhance its product portfolio, distribution channels, and marketing and promotion strategy in order to achieve a better and sustainable long term development of the Group. During the Year, the Group renewed the distribution rights of a product, namely Cefamandole Nafate for Injection and acquired the distribution right of a new product, namely Ampicillin Sodium and Sulbactam Sodium for Injection . Cefamandole Nafate for Injection In January 2016, the Group entered into a distribution agreement with a manufacturer as referred by another distributor, pursuant to which the manufacturer granted the exclusive national distribution right of the product Cefamandole Nafate for Injection under two different specifications (i.e. 0.5g and 1.0g) in the PRC to the Group for an initial period from 1 January 2016 to 31 December 2018. Ampicillin Sodium and Sulbactam Sodium for Injection In April 2016, the Group entered into a distribution agreement with a distributor in the PRC, pursuant to which the Group was granted an exclusive national distribution right for Ampicillin Sodium and Sulbactam Sodium for Injection in the PRC. Pursuant to the distribution agreement, the distribution period is from April 2016 to April 2017 and the Group paid RMB6,000,000 as deposit for obtaining the distribution right of Ampicillin Sodium and Sulbactam Sodium for Injection. Such deposit shall be refundable upon expiry of the distribution period. Future Prospects (Continued) (i) Recent Development (Continued) Recently, the Group has invested into certain different group of companies, namely, (1) an aggregate of 14% of the issued share capital of C&C International Healthcare Group Limited (“C&C International”) in October 2016 and March 2017; (2) approximately 11% of the issued shares of Rui Kang Pharmaceutical Group Investments Limited (“RK Pharmaceutical”), a company whose shares are listed on the Growth Enterprise Market of the Stock Exchange (stock code: 8037) in January 2017; and (3) 15% of the issued share capital of Eternal Charm International Limited (“Eternal Charm”) in March 2017. C&C International and its subsidiaries (collectively, the “C&C Group”) are principally engaged in the provision of contracted medical schemes (‘‘Schemes’’) for integrated medical and healthcare check-up services. The customers of the C&C Group are corporate clients which have engaged the C&C Group to provide the Schemes mainly in Hong Kong so as to allow the employees of such corporate clients to seek medical and healthcare services offered by the network of the C&C Group. Meanwhile, the C&C Group also works for the corporate customers in providing administrative services and other value-added services of the Schemes. The medical and healthcare services provided by the C&C Group include a combination of medical services (comprising general practice and specialist), in-patient management, dental services, and auxiliary services (comprising imaging and laboratory services, physiotherapy, etc.). The C&C Group’s suppliers include doctors, dentists, auxiliary services providers and other medical professionals in Hong Kong and Macau. The management of the C&C Group has extensive experience in the management of the Schemes. Currently, the C&C Group has a network of more than 700 contracted specialist and general practitioner doctors for providing medical and healthcare services under the Schemes, RK Pharmaceutical and its subsidiaries are engaged in (i) manufacture, research and development, sale and distribution of health related and pharmaceutical products in the PRC and Hong Kong; (ii) provision of medical laboratory testing services and health check services in Hong Kong; and (iii) trading of securities in Hong Kong; and The principal business of Eternal Charm and its subsidiaries (‘‘Eternal Charm Group’’) is the distribution of pharmaceutical products in the PRC and its management team has extensive experience in obtaining exclusive distribution rights of the imported prescription drugs in the PRC. (ii) The “Two Invoice” System will be implemented in the PRC within a year, which aims to reduce the drug circulation chain and layers between drug manufacturers and end user medical institutions. On the other hand, the Group expects the price cut measures will continue in view of the recently released tendering results in Guangdong Province, which may result in a drop in the sales of products and drop in the average profit margin of the Group‘s products. Although more stringent regulations may create short-term operating pressures, the Chinese government continues to commit resources to and invest in the healthcare sector as part of its long-term healthcare reform plan in the long run. Moreover, the aging population, urbanisation, increase in chronic diseases and household income and the wider coverage of medical insurance in the PRC will drive the demand for medical treatments and use of drugs. The Group believes that the pharmaceutical industry will be fueled with new opportunities and momentum for growth in the long term. Future Prospects (Continued) (iii) (a) In order to maintain a diversified product portfolio, the Group has been identifying and acquiring the exclusive distribution rights of pharmaceutical products. The Group has actively identified and obtained new exclusive distribution rights of products in 2016. During the Year, the Group renewed the distribution right of product, namely Cefamandole Nafate for Injection and acquired the distribution right of a new product, namely Ampicillin Sodium and Sulbactam Sodium for Injection . In 2017, the Group will actively seek new business opportunities in order to diversify and improve the Group’s product portfolio by fully utilising the Group’s existing distribution network, resources and market position. The Group will actively identify and obtain new distribution rights of the pharmaceutical products from the existing and potential new suppliers in the PRC and overseas in order to improve and complement the Group’s existing product portfolio. The Group has been distributing imported prescription drugs since 2014. The Group is currently distributing the following imported prescription drugs, namely Cefamandole Nafate for Injection , Italy Levocarnitine Injection and Monosialotetrahexosylganglioside Sodium Injection . The revenue generated from distributing imported prescription drugs amounted to a total of HK$44.6 million, HK$104.0 million and HK$138.3 million for the years ended 31 December 2014, 2015 and 2016 respectively. The Group plans to invest more resources in its business of distribution of imported prescription drugs in the PRC by obtaining exclusive distribution rights of the imported prescription drugs which have superior features and quality as the Group expects that the demand for imported prescription drugs will grow faster than that for the domestically manufactured drugs. In line with such strategy, the Group will make potential investments in the equity interests (in part or in full) of pharmaceutical companies which are principally engaged in overseas pharmaceutical business in the PRC to accelerate growth in distributing business of the imported prescription drugs. (b) The Group has actively identified and hired additional sales and marketing personnel throughout the Year to strengthen the Group’s sales and marketing capabilities. In addition, after the transfer of the Company to the Main Board of The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (“Stock Exchange”) in 2015, the Group is able to leverage on the Group’s profile and brand recognition to approach various international pharmaceutical enterprises for business opportunities. Meanwhile, in order to strengthen the competitive advantages over the Group’s competitors in Zhejiang province, the Group will continue to enhance its local distribution network and sales and marketing capabilities in the future. In addition, the Group has been exploring different opportunities to enhance its distribution capabilities. Besides, the Group will continue to seek potential merger and acquisition opportunities in medical- related industries to diversify its business and create synergy for its future development. The Group recognises the importance of environmental protection. The Group has introduced various steps and procedures to ensure all resources are efficiently utilised. The Group has well-established practices in reducing electricity consumption and recycling ink cartridges and toner cartridges. In addition, it has encouraged our employees to participate in environmental protection activities which benefit the community as a whole. The Group maintains good partnership with its employees, has closed cooperation with its suppliers and has provided reliable products and services to its customers so as to operate in a sustainable manner. The Group cooperates with suppliers and customers in order to improve their effectiveness and efficiency in the supply chain and to reduce the relevant cost by capitalising on the distributors’ functions including formulating marketing and promotion strategies tailored for local markets; speeding up the product delivery and payment collection process; improving efficiencies of customers by allowing them to keep fewer inventories on hand and ensuring that inventory can be replenished in time. The Group’s employees have accumulated extensive experience in the PRC pharmaceutical industry. The Group believes that with their industry expertise and strong execution capability, the employees will be able to successfully implement the Group’s strategies in the growing pharmaceutical distribution industry in the PRC. Compliance with the Applicable Laws and Regulations which have a Significant The pharmaceutical industry in China is regulated by the PRC government. The Law of the PRC on the Administration of Pharmaceuticals ( ) provides the basic legal framework in respect of the administration of pharmaceutical products in the PRC, and covers a number of aspects such as manufacturing, distributing, packaging, pricing and advertising with respect to pharmaceutical products. The regulations made under the Law on Administration of Pharmaceuticals contain the detailed rules for the administration of pharmaceuticals in the PRC. The Group is a reputable drug distributor in Zhejiang province, the PRC. In the PRC, a drug distributor must obtain various permits and licences, including the Business Licence, the Pharmaceutical Operation Permit, the Good Supply Practice Certificate before it starts business in relation to distribution of pharmaceutical products. An approval must be obtained from the China Food and Drug Administration of the PRC ( ) (“CFDA”) at the provincial level before a company starts business in relation to wholesale of pharmaceutical products. After the approval has been obtained, the relevant department will issue a Pharmaceutical Operation Permit. According to the Measures on the Administration of the Pharmaceutical Operation Permit ( ), a Pharmaceutical Operation Permit is valid for 5 years. The enterprise which holds such permit should apply to the original issuing authority for a new Pharmaceutical Operation Permit 6 months prior to expiry for the extension of its permit. In addition, before commencing a business, a wholesale or retail pharmaceutical distribution company must also obtain a Business Licence from the relevant administration for industry and commerce. Compliance with the Applicable Laws and Regulations which have a Significant Impact on the Group (Continued) Pharmaceutical Operation Permit and Business Licence (Continued) In this connection, the Group has obtained the pharmaceutical operation permit granted by Zhejiang Province Food and Drug Administration, which is the competent drug administrative authority of Zhejiang province, the province where the Group registers. The Group has also obtained the business licence granted by and registered with the relevant administration for industry and commerce in accordance with the applicable PRC laws and regulations. The pharmaceutical operation permit is valid till 11 December 2019. Good Supply Practices (“GSP”) A drug retailer or wholesaler may start to conduct its business only after it has obtained a GSP certificate issued by the competent office of CFDA. GSP constitutes the basic standards for management of drug supply business. The current applicable GSP standards provide that drug suppliers must strictly control its drug operation, including the qualification of relevant employees, the business operation site, the warehouses, the test equipment and facilities, the standards for management and quality standards. According to the Administrative Measures for Certification of Good Supply Practices ( ) and the Good Supply Practices for Medicine Distribution Quality ( ), a GSP certificate is valid for 5 years generally and may be renewed for another 5 years within 3 months prior to its expiry. In this regard, the Group has obtained the GSP certificate granted by Zhejiang Province Food and Drug Administration which is the competent drug administrative authority of Zhejiang province where the Group has registered for its pharmaceutical distribution operation. The GSP certificate is valid till 11 December 2019. There are certain principal risks and uncertainties related to the business of the Group in the PRC’s pharmaceutical industry, the principal risks are: the reliance on the Group’s suppliers and distributor customers – the Group’s business relies on the products provided by its suppliers which are in turn distributed through the distributor customers of the Group to ultimate customers such as hospitals and medical institutions in the PRC. However, the Group does not have long-term commitments with these suppliers and distributor customers. In order to minimise the risk, the Group will continue to diversify the existing product portfolio and expand the distribution the government policies of the pharmaceutical industry in the PRC – the pharmaceutical industry in the PRC is highly regulated, a substantial amount of the products distributed by the Group are subject to the government price controls or other price restrictions in the PRC. To mitigate the impact of the government policies of the pharmaceutical industry in the PRC, the Group will continue to seek potential merger and acquisition opportunities in medical related industries to diversify its business risks. The total revenue for the Year was approximately HK$225.4 million, representing a decrease of approximately 10.9% from approximately HK$253.0 million for the year ended 31 December 2015. Such decrease was mainly attributable to the cessation of sales of the Group’s products with relatively low gross profit margin after the price cut for drugs in the public hospitals drug procurement list imposed by several city governments in Zhejiang province since the third quarter of 2015. The cost of sales for the Year was approximately HK$191.0 million, representing an increase of approximately 1.9% from approximately HK$187.4 million for the year ended 31 December 2015. Although there was a drop in revenue during the Year, the increase in cost of sales was resulted from the increase in proportion of the revenue generated from products with relatively low gross profit margin and increase in expenses to obtain an injection drug’s exclusive distribution right and increase in amortisation expenses on the trademark of an injection drug during the Year. Gross profit decreased by approximately HK$31.2 million, or approximately 47.6%, from approximately HK$65.6 million for the year ended 31 December 2015 to approximately HK$34.4 million for the Year mainly due to the decrease in revenue generated from the distribution of the Group’s products. The Group’s average gross profit margin decreased from approximately 25.9% for the year ended 31 December 2015 to approximately 15.3% for the Year. Such decrease in gross profit margin was mainly attributable to (i) the price cut for drugs in the public hospitals drug procurement list as imposed by several city governments in Zhejiang province since the third quarter of 2015 and (ii) the increase in expenses to obtain an injection drug’s exclusive distribution right and increase in amortisation expenses on the trademark of an injection drug. The net other losses for the Year were approximately HK$19.1 million (2015: approximately HK$10.1 million). Such change was primarily attributable to the increase in realised fair value losses and impairment losses on the Group’s available-for-sale investments of approximately HK$21.4 million (2015: HK$11.8 million) as a result of the volatile stock market in Hong Kong for the Year. Selling and distribution expenses for the Year were approximately HK$21.8 million, representing an increase of approximately HK$10.3 million from approximately HK$11.5 million for the year ended 31 December 2015. Such increase was mainly due to the Group’s strategy on enhancing its brand name and expanding its market share, distribution network and marketing efforts through (i) increasing the salaries and headcounts of the Group’s sales team, (ii) participating in drugs fairs held by PharmChina, a national pharmaceutical trade exhibition, to promote the Group’s brand name, (iii) organising and providing training programs and marketing materials to medical practitioners and the Group’s distributor customers, and (iv) participating in various marketing activities on Group’s products more frequently, especially those for promotion of the Group’s products Cefamandole Nafate for Injection ( ). Administrative expenses for the Year were approximately HK$19.6 million, representing a decrease of approximately 16.2% from approximately HK$23.4 million for the year ended 31 December 2015. Such decrease was mainly due to the decrease in corporate marketing expenses and donation expenses incurred, which was partly offset by the increase in salaries of the back office staff. Share of results of an associate was approximately HK$12.4 million, which was contributed by the associate company, Saike International Medical Group Limited (“Saike International”), a company owned as to 50% by the Group. Income tax expenses for the Year were approximately HK$6.8 million, representing a decrease of approximately 55.6% from approximately HK$15.3 million in 2015. Such decrease was primarily due to the decrease in taxable profit partly offset by the increase in non-deductible expenses for tax purposes which was primarily attributable to the increase in realised fair value and impairment loss on the Group’s available-for-sale investments during the Year. Loss for the Year was approximately HK$20.5 million, while the net profit attributable to owners of the Company was approximately HK$14.8 million for the year ended 31 December 2015. The loss for the Year was primarily due to (i) the increase in realised fair value losses and impairment losses on the Group’s available-for-sale investments of approximately HK$21.4 million (2015: HK$11.8 million) as a result of the volatile stock market in Hong Kong in 2016; (ii) the significant increase in selling and distribution expenses of the Group by approximately HK$10.3 million for the Year as compared to 2015; (iii) the general decrease in the gross profit margin and thus the gross profit of the Group for the Year as compared to 2015 due to the price cut for drugs in the public hospitals drug procurement list as imposed by several city governments in Zhejiang province since the third quarter of 2015 and increase in expenses to obtain an injection drug’s exclusive distribution right and increase in amortisation expenses on the trademark of an injection drug; and (iv) the decrease in the revenue of the Group for the Year as compared with that for 2015 due to the decrease in revenue as a result of the cessation of sales of the Group’s products with relatively low gross profit margin after the price cut for drugs in the public hospitals drug procurement list as imposed by several city governments in Zhejiang province since the third quarter of 2015. The Group’s available-for-sale investments represent (i) equity securities listed in Hong Kong as stated at fair value which have been determined based on the quoted market bid prices available on the Stock Exchange, and (ii) investments in unlisted equity securities issued by private entities incorporated in the Cayman Islands with limited liability. Investments in unlisted equity securities are measured at cost less impairment at the end of the reporting period because the range of reasonable fair value estimates is so significant that the Directors are of the opinion that their fair values cannot be measured reliably. As at 31 December 2016, a stock namely Golden Throat Holdings Group Company Limited (a company whose shares are listed on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange with stock code: 6896) with a total carrying amount of HK$20.3 million, accounted for approximately 86.4% of the total carrying amount of the Group’s listed available-for-sale investments as at 31 December 2016. During the Year, the Group received dividend income of approximately HK$387,000 from this investment and recorded an impairment loss of approximately HK$11,166,000 on this investment due to decline in its fair value as at 31 December 2016. Available-for-sale investments (Continued) The Group is optimistic about the prospects of Golden Throat Holdings Group Company Limited because the Group believes that the PRC pharmaceutical industry will be fueled with new opportunities and momentum for growth in the long term. During the Year, the Group disposed of certain equity securities listed in Hong Kong. As a result, the fair value loss of approximately HK$6,018,000 previously accumulated in the investment revaluation reserve is reclassified to profit or loss accordingly. Besides, due to a significant decline in the fair value of certain listed investments to prices below their costs, impairment losses amounting to approximately HK$15,366,000 have been recognised during the Year which were reclassified from the investment revaluation reserve. Together, the realised fair value losses and impairment losses on the Group’s available-for-sale investments were approximately HK$21.4 million for the Year. The Group will continue to monitor its investments cautiously in view of recent uncertain market conditions. The capital structure of the Group consists of cash and cash equivalents, bank borrowings and equity attributable to owners of the Company, comprising share capital, various reserves and retained profits. During the Year, the long-term funding and working capital required by the Group were primarily derived from income generated from its core business operations, bank borrowings and the net proceeds from the placings of shares conducted by the Company during the Year, and were used to settle the suppliers’ trade payable and the initial deposit for obtaining distribution rights of new products and renewal of distribution rights of existing products. The Group’s liquidity position was well-managed in the Year. The Group’s gearing ratio (defined as total bank and other borrowings divided by total equity) was 3.5% as at 31 December 2016 (2015: zero). The Group had net cash (total cash and cash equivalents less bank and other borrowings) of approximately HK$54.8 million as at 31 December 2016 (2015: approximately HK$56.8 million). The Group’s cash and cash equivalents amounted to approximately HK$71.6 million in total as at 31 December 2016 (2015: HK$56.8 million). Total bank and other borrowings amounted to approximately HK$16.8 million as at 31 December 2016 (2015: nil). The Group’s financial resources are sufficient to support its business operations. The Group will also consider other financing activities when appropriate business opportunities arise under favourable market conditions. The Group carries out its business in the PRC and most of the transactions are denominated in Renminbi (“RMB”). The Group has foreign currency bank balances which expose the Group to foreign currency risk. To mitigate the foreign currency risk, the Group continually assesses and monitors the exposure of the exchange rate fluctuations. During the Year, the Directors did not consider it necessary to adopt a foreign currency hedging policy as the potential impact to the profit or loss of the Group due to the exchange rate fluctuations was immaterial. As at 31 December 2016, the Group had 53 employees (2015: 50). Staff costs for the Year, including Directors’ remuneration, amounted to approximately HK$21.5 million (2015: HK$11.4 million). The Group’s remuneration policy is based on the positions, duties and performances of the employees. The employees’ remunerations vary according to their positions, which may include salaries, overtime allowances, bonuses and various subsidies. The Group offers a comprehensive and competitive remuneration and benefits package to all its employees. In addition, the Group has adopted a share option scheme for the purpose of providing incentives and rewards to eligible persons who contribute to the success of the Group’s operations. Employee Information (Continued) The Group has also adopted other employee benefits including a provident fund scheme for its employees in Hong Kong, as required under the Mandatory Provident Fund Schemes Ordinance, and has participated in employee pension schemes organised and governed by the relevant local governments for its employees in the PRC. As at 31 December 2016, the Group did not have any significant contingent liabilities. In March 2015, the Group entered into a sale and purchase agreement with Ms. Zhao Lei (“Vendor”), an independent third party, for the acquisition of 50% equity interest in Saike International (“Sale Shares”) at a consideration of RMB95 million (subject to downward adjustments). Pursuant to the sale and purchase agreement for the acquisition of 50% equity interest in Saike International, the consideration shall be subject to downward adjustments (if applicable) as follows: (i) in the event that the audited consolidated net profits of Saike International after taxation for the year ended 31 December 2015 (“2015 Audited Profits”) are less than RMB19 million (“2015 Target Profits”), the Vendor shall pay to the Group a sum in cash equal to the difference between the 2015 Target Profits and the 2015 Audited Profits; (ii) in the event that the audited consolidated net profits of Saike International after taxation for the year ended 31 December 2016 (“2016 Audited Profits”) are less than RMB22 million (“2016 Target Profits”), the Vendor shall pay to the Group a sum in cash equal to the difference between the 2016 Target Profits and the 2016 (iii) in the event that the audited consolidated net profits of Saike International after taxation for the year ending 31 December 2017 (“2017 Audited Profits”) are less than RMB25 million (“2017 Target Profits”), the Vendor shall pay to the Group a sum in cash equal to the difference between the 2017 Target Profits and the 2017 Audited Profits. Based on the audited consolidated financial statements of Saike International for the years ended 31 December 2015 and 2016, the 2015 Audited Profits and 2016 Audited Profits were approximately RMB19.3 million and RMB21.5 million. Therefore, no adjustment would be made for the year 2015. However, the Vendor shall pay to the Group a sum in cash equalling the difference between the 2016 Target Profits and the 2016 Audited Profits, which is approximately RMB$0.5 million. Saike International and its subsidiaries are principally engaged in the trading of medical devices and equipment in the PRC. On 16 July 2015, all the conditions precedent to the sale and purchase agreement have been fulfilled and the completion took place on the same day. In connection with the completion, on 16 July 2015, the Group and the Vendor entered into a put option deed (“Put Option Deed”), pursuant to which the Vendor granted a put option (“Put Option”) to the Group entitling the Group to require the Vendor to purchase the Sale Shares from the Group at the put option exercise price in accordance with the terms and conditions of the Put Option Deed. Material Acquisitions or Disposals and Significant Investments (Continued) Acquisition of Saike International (Continued) The Put Option is exercisable by the Group commencing on the date of completion and ending on the earlier of (i) 30 April 2017; or (ii) the day on which the option notice is served by the Group to the Vendor. As at the date of this report, the Put Option has not been exercised. Details of such acquisition and the Put Option Deed are set out in the Company’s announcements dated 14 February 2015, 20 March 2015, 26 June 2015 and 16 July 2015. On 6 June 2016, (in English, for identification purpose, Zhejiang Xin Rui Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd.) (“Zhejiang Xin Rui”), a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, entered into (i) a sale and purchase agreement with Mr. Yang Qi and Ms. Tu Yue Li as vendors in relation to the acquisition of a property located at Room 3703, Dikai International Center, Jianggan District, Hangzhou City, Zhejiang Province, the PRC (the “Property”) at a cash consideration of RMB14,000,000 (equivalent to approximately HK$16,660,000); and (ii) a sale and purchase agreement with Mr. Yang Qi as vendor in relation to the acquisition of the right to use two car park spaces located at Car Park Nos. 267 and 270 on 2nd floor of Basement, Dikai International Center, Jianggan District, Hangzhou City, Zhejiang Province, the PRC (the “Car Park Spaces”) at a total cash consideration of RMB700,000 (equivalent to approximately HK$833,000). Mr. Yang Qi and Ms. Tu Yue Li are the brother and sister-in-law of Ms. Yang Fang, an executive Director and the chief executive officer of the Company. Each of them is a connected person of the Company under the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on the Stock Exchange (“Listing Rules”). As certain applicable percentage ratios (as defined under the Listing Rules) in respect of the acquisitions of the Property and the Car Park Spaces were more than 5% but all applicable percentage ratios were less than 25%, and the total consideration was more than HK$10 million, the acquisitions were discloseable and connected transactions and subject to reporting, announcement and independent shareholders’ approval requirements under the Listing Rules. The acquisitions were approved by the independent shareholders at a special general meeting of the Company on 29 July 2016. On 29 July 2016, all the conditions precedent to the two sale and purchase agreements above have been fulfilled and the completion took place in August 2016. For details, please refer to the announcements of the Company dated 6 June 2016 and 29 July 2016 and the circular of the Company dated 12 July 2016. On 18 October 2016 and 30 November 2016, Major Bright Holdings Limited (“Major Bright“), a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, as purchaser and the Company as guarantor entered into a sale and purchase agreement and a supplemental agreement (collectively, the “C&C Acquisition Agreement”) respectively with JFA Capital, an independent third party, for the acquisition of an aggregate of 26% of the issued share capital of C&C International in two tranches. The first tranche acquisition involved the acquisition of 9% of the issued share capital of C&C International by the Group at a consideration of HK$43,687,800 in cash. The second tranche acquisition involved the acquisition of 17% of the issued share capital of C&C International by the Group at a consideration of HK$82,521,400 in cash. The first tranche acquisition, standing alone, constituted a discloseable transaction of the Company. The first tranche acquisition was subject to the notification and announcement requirements under Chapter 14 of the Listing Rules. Each of (i) the second tranche acquisition, standing alone, and (ii) the first tranche acquisition and the second tranche acquisition, in aggregate, constituted a major transaction of the Company and was subject to the notification, announcement and shareholders’ approval requirements under Chapter 14 of the Listing Rules. C&C Group is principally engaged in the provision of contracted medical schemes for integrated medical and healthcare check-up services. Completion of the first tranche acquisition of 9% of the issued share capital of C&C International took place on 31 October 2016. Acquisition of C&C International (Continued) The parties to the C&C Acquisition Agreement entered into a deed of termination on 13 March 2017 and agreed not to proceed with the second tranche acquisition of 17% of the issued share capital of C&C International since it was unlikely for the Company to obtain the shareholder’s approval, being one of the conditions precedent to the second tranche acquisition by the long stop date of 31 March 2017, and the parties could not come to a consensus as to the extension of the long stop date. On 16 March 2017, Major Bright as purchaser entered into a sale and purchase agreement with Eagle Networks Company Limited , an independent third party, for the acquisition of 5% of the issued share capital of C&C International at a consideration of HK$25,500,000 in cash. The completion of the acquisition took place on the same day. Each of (i) the acquisition of 5% interest in C&C International, standing alone; and (ii) the acquisition of 5% interest in C&C International and the first tranche acquisition of 9% interest in C&C International, in aggregate, constituted a discloseable transaction of the Company and was therefore subject to the notification and announcement requirements under Chapter 14 of the Listing Rules. The Group held 14% of the issued share capital of C&C International as at the date of this report and such investment in C&C International is accounted for as available-for-sale financial asset of the Group in its financial statements. For further details, please refer to the announcements of the Company dated 18 October 2016, 30 November 2016, 30 December 2016, 26 January 2017, 28 February 2017, 13 March 2017 and 16 March 2017. On 2 December 2016, China New Rich Medicine Holding Co. Limited ( ), a wholly- owned subsidiary of the Company, entered into a sale and purchase agreement with China Wah Yan Healthcare Limited, shares of which are listed on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange (Stock Code: 648), to acquire approximately 29% of the issued shares of RK Pharmaceutical, a company whose shares are listed on the Growth Enterprise Market of the Stock Exchange (stock code: 8037) in two tranches. RK Pharmaceutical and its subsidiaries are principally engaged in (i) manufacture, research and development, sale and distribution of health related and pharmaceutical products in the PRC and Hong Kong; (ii) provision of medical laboratory testing services and health check services in Hong Kong; and (iii) trading of securities in Hong Kong. The first tranche acquisition involved the acquisition of approximately 11% of the issued share capital of RK Pharmaceutical by the Group at a consideration of HK$33,362,160 in cash. The second tranche acquisition involved the acquisition of approximately 18% of the issued share capital of RK Pharmaceutical by the Group at a consideration of HK$54,610,816 in cash. As at the date of the sale and purchase agreement, China Wah Yan Healthcare Limited and its subsidiaries held 34,356,960 shares of the Company, representing 8.25% of the then issued share capital of the Company. The first tranche acquisition, standing alone, constituted a discloseable transaction of the Company and was subject to the notification and announcement requirements under Chapter 14 of the Listing Rules. Each of (i) the second tranche acquisition, standing alone, and (ii) the first tranche acquisition and the second tranche acquisition, in aggregate, constituted a major transaction of the Company and was subject to the notification, announcement and shareholders’ approval requirements under Chapter 14 of the Listing Rules. Acquisition of RK Pharmaceutical (Continued) Completion of the first tranche acquisition took place in January 2017. The Group and China Wah Yan Healthcare Limited entered into a deed of termination on 27 March 2017 and agreed not to proceed with the second tranche acquisition of approximately 18% of the issued share capital of RK Pharmaceutical since it was unlikely for the Company and China Wah Yan Healthcare Limited to obtain their respective shareholders’ approvals, being the conditions precedent to the second tranche acquisition by the long stop date of 30 April 2017, and the parties could not come to a consensus as to the extension of the long stop date. As at the date of this report, the Group held approximately 11% of the issued share capital of RK Pharmaceutical and such investment in RK Pharmaceutical is accounted for as available-for-sale financial asset of the Group in its financial statements. For further details, please refer to the announcements of the Company dated 2 December 2016 and 27 March 2017. Acquisition of Eternal Charm On 5 December 2016 and 14 March 2017, the Group entered into a sale and purchase agreement and a supplemental agreement with Mr. Wang Wei (“Mr. Wang”), an independent third party, for the acquisition of 15% of the issued share capital of Eternal Charm at a consideration of RMB47.25 million (subject to downward adjustments after completion) in cash. Pursuant to the sale and purchase agreement (as amended and supplemented by the supplemental agreement), subject to completion, the consideration shall be subject to downward adjustments (if applicable) as follows: (i) in the event that the audited consolidated net operating profit of Eternal Charm after taxation for the year ending 31 December 2017 (“Eternal Charm 2017 Audited Profit”) is less than RMB35.0 million (“Eternal Charm 2017 Target Profit”), Mr. Wang shall pay to the Group a sum in cash equal to 15% of the difference between the Eternal Charm 2017 Target Profit and the Eternal Charm 2017 Audited Profit; (ii) in the event that the audited consolidated net operating profit of Eternal Charm after taxation for the year ending 31 December 2018 (“Eternal Charm 2018 Audited Profit”) is less than RMB38.5 million (“Eternal Charm 2018 Target Profit”), Mr. Wang shall pay to the Group a sum in cash equal to 15% of the difference (iii) in the event that the audited consolidated net operating profit of Eternal Charm after taxation for the year ending 31 December 2019 (“Eternal Charm 2019 Audited Profit”) is less than RMB42.35 million (“Eternal Charm 2019 Target Profit”), Mr. Wang shall pay to the Group a sum in cash equal to 15% of the difference between the Eternal Charm 2019 Target Profit and the Eternal Charm 2019 Audited Profit. For the purpose of calculating the above adjustments, where the audited consolidated net operating profit of Eternal Charm after taxation for the relevant financial year is a negative figure, such profit after taxation shall remain as a negative figure. Acquisition of Eternal Charm (Continued) Eternal Charm and its subsidiaries are principally engaged in the distribution of pharmaceutical products in the PRC and their management team has extensive experience in obtaining exclusive distribution rights of imported prescription drugs in the PRC. Completion of the acquisition of 15% of the issued share capital of Eternal Charm took place on 17 March 2017 and such investment in Eternal Charm is accounted for as an associate of the Group in its financial statements. For further details, please refer to the announcements of the Company dated 5 December 2016 and 14 March 2017. Save as aforesaid, the Group had no material acquisition or disposal during the Year. The capital of the Company comprises only ordinary shares. As at 31 December 2016, the Group had shareholders’ equity of approximately HK$471.7 million (2015: HK$477.7 million). As disclosed in the Company’s circular dated 6 May 2016, the Board proposed to increase the authorised share capital of the Company from HK$20,000,000 to HK$40,000,000 divided into 800,000,000 shares of HK$0.05 each by the creation of an additional 400,000,000 new shares of HK$0.05 each which was conditional upon the passing of an ordinary resolution at the annual general meeting of the Company. On 15 June 2016, the ordinary resolution to approve the increase in authorised share capital was duly passed by the shareholders of the Company by way of poll at the annual general meeting of the Company. As disclosed in the Company’s circular dated 10 January 2017, the Board proposed to increase the authorised share capital of the Company from HK$40,000,000 to HK$150,000,000 divided into 3,000,000,000 shares of HK$0.05 each by the creation of an additional 2,200,000,000 new shares of HK$0.05 each which was conditional upon the passing of an ordinary resolution at a special general meeting of the Company. On 26 January 2017, the ordinary resolution to approve the increase in authorised share capital was duly passed by the shareholders of the Company by way of poll at the special general meeting of the Company. Placing of new shares in April 2016 On 7 April 2016, the Company as issuer and SBI China Capital Financial Services Limited ( ) as placing agent entered into a placing agreement in relation to an offer by way of private placing on a best endeavour basis of up to 57,840,000 new ordinary shares of HK$0.05 each in the share capital of the Company, to not less than six placees who and whose ultimate beneficial owners were third parties independent of and not connected nor acting in concert with the Company or any of its connected persons or their respective associates, at a price of HK$0.40 per placing share pursuant to the general mandate refreshed by shareholders at the special general meeting of the Company in March 2016. The market price of the shares was HK$0.47 per share as at the date of the placing agreement. The placing was subject to the grant of listing approval of the placing shares by the Stock Exchange. The placing price represented (i) a discount of approximately 14.89% to the closing price of HK$0.47 per share as quoted on the Stock Exchange on 7 April 2016, being the date of the placing agreement; and (ii) a discount of approximately 14.71% to the average closing price of HK$0.469 per share as quoted on the Stock Exchange for the five consecutive trading days of the shares immediately prior to the date of the placing agreement. On 28 April 2016, the Company completed the placing of 57,840,000 ordinary shares under the general mandate, at a placing price of HK$0.40 per placing share. The gross proceeds from the placing were approximately HK$23.1 million. The net proceeds from the placing, after deducting commission and other expenses of the placing, were approximately HK$22.1 million. On such basis, the net issue price was approximately HK$0.38 per placing share. The aggregate nominal value of the placing shares was HK$2,892,000. The Directors were of the view that the placing could strengthen the financial position of the Group and provided funding to the Group to meet any future development and obligations. The placing also represented good opportunities to broaden the shareholders’ base and capital base of the Company. The Directors considered that the placing was in the interest of the Company and its shareholders as a whole. The Company intended to utilise the net proceeds from the placing as general working capital and/or future investment of the Group as and when opportunities arose. As at the date of this report, approximately HK$21.3 million, representing approximately 96% of the net proceeds, has been utilised as general working capital of the Group. The unutilised net proceeds of approximately HK$0.8 million remained in the bank accounts of the Group. Details of the placing are set out in the Company’s announcements dated 7 April 2016 and 28 April 2016. Placing of new shares under general mandate (Continued) Placing of new shares in August 2016 (Continued) On 29 August 2016, the Company as issuer and Nuada Limited ( ) as placing agent entered a placing agreement in relation to an offer by way of private placing on a best endeavour basis of up to 69,408,000 new ordinary shares of HK$0.05 each in the share capital of the Company, to not less than six placees who and whose ultimate beneficial owners were third parties independent of and not connected nor acting in concert with the Company or any of its connected persons or their respective associates, at a price of HK$0.34 per placing share pursuant to the general mandate approved by shareholders at the annual general meeting of the Company held on 15 June 2016. The market price of the share was HK$0.40 per share as at the date of the placing agreement. The placing was subject to the grant of the listing approval of the placing shares by the Stock Exchange. The placing price represented (i) a discount of approximately 15.00% to the closing price of HK$0.40 per share as quoted on the Stock Exchange on 29 August 2016, being the date of the placing agreement; and (ii) a discount of approximately 10.53% to the average closing price of HK$0.38 per share as quoted on the Stock Exchange for the five consecutive trading days of the shares immediately prior to the date of the placing agreement. On 22 September 2016, the Company completed the placing of 69,408,000 ordinary shares under the general mandate, at a placing price of HK$0.34 per placing share. The gross proceeds from the placing were approximately HK$23.6 million. The net proceeds from the placing, after deducting commission and other expenses of the placing, were approximately HK$22.6 million. On such basis, the net issue price was approximately HK$0.326 per placing share. The aggregate nominal value of the placing shares was HK$3,470,400. The Directors were of the view that the placing could strengthen the financial position of the Group and provided funding to the Group to meet any future development and obligations. The placing also represented a good opportunity to broaden the shareholders’ base and capital base of the Company. The Directors considered that the placing was in the interest of the Company and its shareholders as a whole. The Company intended to utilise the net proceeds from the placing as general working capital and/or future investment of the Group as and when opportunities arose. As at the date of this report, approximately HK$22.6 million has been utilised for the acquisition of 9% of the issued share capital of C&C International. Details of the placing are set out in the Company’s announcements dated 29 August 2016 and 22 September 2016. The Group did not pledge any assets as at 31 December 2015. The Group pledged the buildings and prepaid lease payments with the aggregate carrying value of approximately HK$26.9 million as at 31 December 2016 to secure general banking facilities granted to the Group. On 29 January 2016, the Board proposed that every 5 issued and unissued existing ordinary shares of par value of HK$0.01 each in the then share capital of the Company be consolidated into 1 consolidated share of par value of HK$0.05 each in the share capital of the Company (“Share Consolidation”). Other than the relevant expenses, including but not limited to professional fees and printing charges incurred, the implementation of the Share Consolidation would not alter the underlying assets, business, operations, management or financial position of the Company. The Share Consolidation was conditional upon: (1) the passing of the necessary ordinary resolution by the shareholders of the Company to approve the Share Consolidation at a special general meeting of the Company; (2) the Stock Exchange granting the listing of, and the permission to deal in, the consolidated shares in issue upon the Share Consolidation becoming effective; and (3) the compliance with the relevant procedures and requirements under the laws of Bermuda and the Listing Rules to effect the Share Consolidation. The Share Consolidation was approved by the shareholders of the Company at the special general meeting held on 14 March 2016. As all the conditions precedent to the Share Consolidation have been fulfilled, the Share Consolidation has become effective on 15 March 2016. On 9 December 2016, the Company announced to raise approximately HK$343.6 million before expenses on the basis of three rights shares (“Rights Shares”) for every one existing share in issue held on the record date at the subscription price of HK$0.275 per Rights Share by way of rights issue of 1,249,344,000 Rights Shares (“Rights Issue”). The completion of the Rights Issue took place on 6 March 2017. 1,249,344,000 Rights Shares were allotted and issued pursuant to the Rights Issue and the net proceeds after deduction of expenses from the Rights Issue were approximately HK$330.0 million. The net issue price per Rights Share was approximately HK$0.264 and the aggregate nominal value of the Rights Shares was HK$62,467,200. Details of the Rights Issue are disclosed in the announcements of the Company dated 9 December 2016, 26 January 2017, 27 January 2017 and 3 March 2017, the circular of the Company dated 10 January 2017, and the prospectus of the Company dated 10 February 2017. 