In 2008, the Group has been expanding its engineering business in Hong Kong, despite the economic downturn. The Group has been commissioned a number of engineering contracts from various reputable clients in 2009. As the number of infrastructure projects in Hong Kong is on the increase, and the Group expects its engineering business will continue to grow. The Group’s subsidiary company, Coastal Power Company Limited, continues to seek for energy business and power projects in various regions around the world. Although some of the projects that the Group was engaged in are affected by the global financial crisis in 2008, the Management expects that this line of business will bring positive impact to Group in the future. Other than engineering and energy businesses, the Management has suspended all other businesses of the Group due to the global financial crisis. During the year under view, the Group reported a turnover of approximately HK$15 million, a drop of HK$10.5 million or 40.5% as compared to the turnover in the previous year. The turnover was mainly attributable to the engineering business, which contributed 30% of turnover to the Group. Staff costs for the year under review decreased to approximately HK$13 million from approximately HK$15 million in the previous year. The decrease in staff costs was mainly due to lesser headcount in media business as well as management consultancy services team during the year under review. The direct operating and subcontracting costs for the year under review amounted to approximately HK$10.9 million. The increase in direct operating and subcontracting costs was mainly attributable to the purchasing and logistics costs of coal, which was a new line of business to the Group. For the year ended 31 December 2008, the Group recorded a net loss of approximately HK$11 million from discontinued operation due to the suspension of the media publication business. Net loss attributable to shareholders for the year was HK$33.6 million as compared to net loss of the preceding year of approximately HK$25 million. During the year ended 31 December 2008, the Group financed its operations with its own working capital, internally generated cash flow and proceeds from issuance of new shares. As at 31 December 2008, the Group did not have any bank loans and has cash of HK$1.6 million. The directors do not recommend payment of a final dividend for the year ended 31 December 2008 (2007: Nil). The shares of the Company were listed on the GEM of the Stock Exchange on 17 October 2002. There has been no change in the capital structure of the Company during the year under review. The capital of the Company comprises only ordinary shares. As at 31 December 2008, 615,090,232 ordinary shares were issued and fully paid. Since most of the transactions of the Group are denominated either in Hong Kong Dollars or Renminbi or US dollars and the exchange rates of such currencies were stable over years under review, the Directors are of the view that the exposure to foreign currency exchange risk is limited. Hence, no hedging or other arrangements to reduce the currency risk have been implemented. The Group had no material acquisitions or disposals of subsidiaries and affiliated companies in the course of the financial year ended 31 December 2008. During the year, Coastal Power Company Limited (“CPCL”), a subsidiary of the Company, had entered into an agreement to inject HK$1.8 million for capital increase. As at 31 December 2008, the outstanding amount was HK$1.5 million. Other than those disclosed, the Group did not have any plan for substantial investments or capital assets. Subsequent to the balance sheet date, the Company repaid the principal amount together with the accrued interest of the bonds issued to LIM Asia Multi-Strategy Fund Inc. (“LIM”) of approximately HK$15.8 million on 12 February 2009. The repayment was supported by funds from long-term borrowings. An agreement was reached with LIM whereby LIM terminated the Company’s guarantee of CPCL’s convertible bonds and unconditionally released and discharged the Company from all of the Company’s obligations and liabilities existing or arising under the guarantee. During the year, Network Engineering Limited (“NEL”), a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, had entered into an agreement to provide engineering services in favor of a contractor in Hong Kong (the “Contractor”). Pursuant to which, NEL had offered performance bonds of HK$200,000 in favor of the Contractor the due performance of the agreement signed. The Directors, on the basis of work schedule, have considered that it is not necessary to make a provision for in the consolidated financial statements. The Group’s gearing ratio as at 31 December 2008 increased to 263% (2007: 117%). The gearing ratio was based on the Group’s total debts over its total assets. The Group did not have any material acquisition or disposal of investment for the year ended 31 December As at 31 December 2008, the Group had a total of 11 (2007: 33) staff based in the PRC and Hong Kong. The Group remunerates its employees based on their performances, experiences and the prevailing industry practices. In addition to basic salaries and mandatory provident fund, staff benefits including medical coverage scheme and share options are offered. The Group has not experienced any significant problems with its employees or disruption to its operation due to labour disputes nor has it experienced any difficulties in the recruitment and retention of experienced staff. The Directors believe that the Group has a good working relationship with its employees. 