The financial year-end date of the Company and its Hong Kong subsidiaries has been changed to 31 December since April 2014 to accord with the financial year-end date of the subsidiaries of the Company in the People’s Republic of China (the “PRC” or “China”) and to facilitate the preparation of the consolidated financial statements of the Group. This change has shortened the covering period of comparative figures to nine months (1 April 2014 to 31 December 2014), which may cause the figures to be not directly comparable with the performance figures of current financial year (1 January 2015 to 31 December 2015). During the year ended 31 December 2015 (the “Year”), the Group has continued its effort on and allocated more resources to each of its business segments and has identified business opportunities which could create value for the Group. Both the Property business (including the mini storage business) and the Lending business have recorded remarkable increase in the revenue during the Year. Due to several cost tightening policies adopted by the Manufacturing and Sales business, the financial performance of the Manufacturing and Sales business has shown improvement and the segment loss margin has decreased. For the Music and Entertainment business, one more movie has been invested in the PRC with a fixed investment return. For the newly developed slot machines business, our technical teams have successfully despatched the first batch of slot machines to South America subsequent to year-end date. During the Year, all efforts devoted by the management and employees of the Group have been gradually reflected in the financial performance of each business segment, which have further strengthened and broadened the business portfolio of the Group. The detailed business and financial review of each business segment is stated below. For the Year, total revenue of the Group was approximately HK$521.3 million (nine months ended 31 December 2014: approximately HK$419.5 million), the gross profit margin for the Year increased to 17.9% from 11.5% for the nine months ended 31 December 2014. The distribution of revenue of the Group is as follows: Year ended (the “Year”) % to Nine months ended (the “Period”) % to The Lending business included the financial leasing business in Shanghai and the money lending business in Hong Kong. For the financial leasing business, no transaction was made during the Year and the Group is still in search for deals with great potential. For the lending business in Hong Kong, after completing a few trial run loan transactions, the Group decided to put more financial resources and efforts in its expansion. The loan portfolios had increased remarkably to approximately HK$76.2 million as at 31 December 2015 as compared with approximately HK$8.9 million as at 31 December 2014. Our customer base included both individuals and corporate entities and the majority of loans was secured by properties located in Hong Kong. No default has been recorded since the commencement of business and the majority of interest income was received on time. During the Year, the loan interest income was approximately HK$7.1 million (the Period: approximately HK$306,000). The Group will allocate additional funding to expand the lending business in Hong Kong in the future and will closely monitor the repayment abilities of borrowers and perform risk assessment on each loan application in a prudent manner. This segment principally included manufacturing and sales of printing products, such as packaging box, labels and paper products. It has attracted customers from all over the world. During the Year, the focuses of the Manufacturing and Sales business included cost reduction, efficiency enhancement and evaluation of profitability of our existing customer portfolios. The Group has made efforts to streamline the existing production processes and work flows within the organisation structures in order to enhance the efficiency and reduce the wastage in all levels. Besides, we have put efforts in developing and strengthening the business relationship with our existing and new vendors for their better and timely services to fulfill our needs. Internal reorganisation has been taken place during the Year to consolidate and redesign departmental functions and eliminate excessive layers of reporting for the sake of improvement in communications amongst all departments and levels. The reorganisation is still in progress and will continue in 2016. The Group has continued its devotion towards environmental protection in its daily business management and operation and has been promoting environmental awareness within and outside the organisation on an on-going basis during the Year. Chung Tai Printing (China) Company Limited – Neway Chung Tai Printing (Shenzhen) Co., Ltd, a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, was awarded the Hong Kong Awards for Environmental Excellence (the “HKAEE”) Certificate of Merit in 2014. The HKAEE is an annual award which aims to encourage businesses and organisations to adopt green management, benchmark their commitments towards best practices within their sectors and recognise and acknowledge the efforts of leading businesses and organisations. (iii) Revenue for the Year from the Manufacturing and Sales business was approximately HK$466.2 million (the Period: approximately HK$366.8 million) and a segment loss of approximately HK$36.6 million (the Period: approximately HK$73.3 million) was recorded. The segment loss margin for the Year was 7.8% (the Period: 20.0%). The decrease in segment loss margin was mainly due to: (i) a decrease in the costs of materials consumed; (ii) a stable ratio of staff cost to sales; (iii) an increase in domestic sales; and (vi) a significantly decrease in impairment loss recognised on non-current assets used in the Manufacturing and Sales business. During the Year, the Group has put more efforts in sourcing alternative materials in China and in testing of the quality of sourced materials to replace the more expensive existing materials. In light of the tightening control on raw materials usage in production and production wastage, the percentage of the costs of raw materials in sales has decreased by approximately 1.7% as compared with that of the Period. As to the Manufacturing and Sales business, the ratio of staff cost to sales was approximately 33.5%, which has remained stable as compared with 34.6% as recorded in the Period. During the Year, the PRC government has raised the minimum wage level in Shenzhen from RMB1,808 to RMB2,030, or by 12.3%, effective from March 2015. The increase in minimum wages has partially offset the decrease in staff costs arising from reduction of headcount. The overall headcount of two factories of the Group has been reduced for around 9% as compared with that of the Period. (iii) Domestic sales increased because more sales efforts were devoted to identify new customers in China and to strengthen the business relationship with existing customers. (iv) (iv) During the Year, the Group has recognised an one-off impairment loss of approximately HK$9.2 million in the non- current assets of the Manufacturing and Sales business. Due to the Group’s recurring loss in the Manufacturing and Sales business, the directors of the Company have conducted an impairment assessment on the segment assets based on value in use calculation. The calculation used cash flow projections based on a financial budget covering a 5-year period approved by the management, a growth rate of 3% and a discount rate of 15%. An impairment loss was recognised because the recoverable amount was lower than the carrying amount of respective segment assets. The amount of impairment loss has significantly decreased as compared with approximately HK$34.0 million of the Period. Revenue from the Music and Entertainment business mainly consisted of income from concerts and shows, artiste management income, album distribution income, promotion income and song licensing income. During the Year, approximately 60% of revenue from the Music and Entertainment Business was attributable to concerts and shows and licensing of the musical works. The Group has organised concerts for Julian Cheung Chi-Lam and Jade Kwan Sum-Yin in Macau, Christopher Wong Oi-Kan in the City Hall of Hong Kong and Ng Yip Kwan, Regen Cheung Wai Nga, Sheldon Lo and Crystal Cheung in the Kowloon Bay International Trade & Exhibition Centre. The business has recorded a segment loss of approximately HK$8.2 million for the Year (the Period: approximately HK$2.3 million). The increase in segment loss was mainly due to: (i) the recognition of an one-off impairment loss on trademark of approximately HK$5.3 million (due to the recurring loss in the Music and Entertainment business, the directors of the Company conducted an impairment assessment on the recoverable amount of segment assets based on the higher of fair value less costs of disposal and value in use, and an impairment loss was recognised because the recoverable amount was lower than the carrying amount of respective assets); and (ii) an increase in expenses incurred by our PRC teams for searching entertainment projects in the country. Luxury Field Limited Luxury Field During the Year, we have invested in one more movie in China with an investment amount of RMB6.3 million and it was recorded as “trade and other receivables”. According to the schedule provided by the film production company, the investment return of this movie is expected to be realised in 2016. In addition, an investment return of approximately RMB1.4 million related to the previous China movie that we invested in 2014 has been received subsequent to the year- end date. During the Year, the Group has devoted more efforts in developing the promotion business in Hong Kong and in identifying entertainment projects in China. The Group has received promotion income from its newly contracted artistes and has assisted in organising management jobs, concerts and music functions for those artistes. Under this arrangement, the Group could minimise the operating costs and more resources have been allocated to other areas or other artistes. Furthermore, our working teams in China have been actively looking for cooperation opportunities with film production companies, and more resources are expected to be devoted in the movie industry in future. On 21 November 2014, the Company has entered into a sale and purchase agreement with an independent third party to dispose of the entire equity interest in Marble Arch, a subsidiary of Luxury Field Limited (“Luxury Field”) for a consideration of approximately HK$28 million. Marble Arch is the shareholder of a PRC subsidiary which has made advances to the Group’s potential investee, . The investment in Marble Arch was made by the Group in 2012, at that time the Group intended to carry out certain projects in the cultural and entertainment industry through . Due to the uncertainty in obtaining related local government approvals, the Company decided to dispose of the investment and considered that it would be more beneficial of the Group to invest the sales proceeds from such disposal on potential projects with higher investment returns. The completion date of the transaction had been extended to 30 April 2015 and further to 31 May 2015 but out of the purchaser’s difficulty in financing the consideration, the transaction was terminated and the Group has received HK$4.5 million as liquidated damages, which was recorded as “other income” in the consolidated financial statements of the Group for the Year. On 14 December 2015, the Group has entered into a sales and purchase agreement with the same independent third party to dispose of the entire equity interest in Marble Arch for a consideration of approximately HK$25.0 million. The consideration had been paid in cash by the purchaser before signing the sales and purchase agreement and a loss on disposal of Marble Arch of HK$1.2 million was recognised, which was recorded as “other gains and losses” in the consolidated financial statements of the Group for the Year. Viewing the transactions abovementioned as a whole, the Group has received HK$29.5 million from the disposal of Marble Arch and a net gain of HK$3.3 million was made. The Group had two property development projects as at 31 December 2015, one of which involved (“ ”). The investment was classified as an available-for-sale investment in the consolidated statement of financial position of the Group as at 31 December 2015. The other property involved (“ ”), a non-wholly-owned subsidiary of the Group. holds the land use rights of a parcel of commercial land in Chengdu. The related property consisted of both residential and commercial units. The construction work commenced in 2014 and is progressing as scheduled. It is expected to be completed by the end of 2016. The pre-sale of the project started in mid-March 2015 and approximately 33.0% of residential units was pre-sold as at the date of this report. The second phase of pre-sale has started in March 2016 and more residential units are expected to be sold. Subsequent to year-end date, the Group has entered into a supplemental put option deed with the major shareholder of , pursuant to which both parties agreed to amend the put option period to a period commencing from 1 January 2017 to 30 June 2017 and to defer the cut-off date to 31 December 2016. On the same day, the Group has also entered into a supplemental shareholder’s loan agreement with and agreed to extend the repayment date of the shareholder’s loan to 31 December 2016. holds the land use rights of two parcels of commercial land in Qingyuan. On 18 June 2014, (“ ”), a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, initiated civil proceedings against in (the “People’s Court of Baoan District”) for, among other matters, the repayment of the shareholder’s loan contributed by in the amount of RMB23,479,330 (the “Litigation”). On 19 June 2014, pursuant to an application made by to freeze and preserve the assets of in the total value of RMB23,400,000, an order was granted by the People’s Court of Baoan District to freeze and preserve the two parcels of land owned by during the Year from 24 June 2014 to 23 June 2016 (the “Freeze Order”). The Freeze Order aims to ensure that has sufficient assets of value to repay the shareholder’s loan to the Group. Two hearings of the Litigation were held on 18 August 2014 and 25 September 2014 respectively. On 15 October 2014, the Group received the civil mediation document issued by the People’s Court of Baoan District, confirming that (i) the Group and confirmed that was indebted to in the sum of RMB23,479,330; (ii) agreed to repay to the sum of RMB23,479,330, together with the interest accrued from 18 June 2014 to the date of repayment within 15 days of the effective date of the civil mediation document; and (iii) if fails to repay the agreed amount, shall have the right to request to pay default interests calculated at two times of the lending rate of the PRC over the same period. As advised by the Group’s PRC legal advisers, the effective date of the civil mediation document was 15 October 2014 and the deadline for repayment by was 30 October 2014. On 20 November 2015, submitted the mandatory execution application letter to the People’s Court of Baoan District to enforce the repayment of . The application was accepted by the People’s Court of Baoan District on 23 November 2015. On 26 November 2015, the Group submitted another application to on hold the execution application and the application was accepted by the People’s Court of Baoan District. Up to the date of this report, has not repaid the outstanding shareholder’s loan nor any interest to . The management will monitor the situation continuously and may take further legal actions to protect the Group’s interest as and when appropriate. The Company will make further announcement should there be any further action in the future. Estate Summit Limited Estate Estate Summit One Pacific Centre Prime Business Centres The property investment business included the mini storage business operated by a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company and the office leasing business operated by a joint venture. As mentioned in the 2014 annual report, the Group has started the mini storage business since the end of 2014 and renovated the ground floor, 1st floor, 2nd floor and half of the floor area of the 4th floor of a self-owned industrial building in Fanling (the “Fanling Building”). As at 31 December 2015, the occupancy rate increased to approximately 42% (the Period: approximately 30%). The Group will continue its marketing efforts in the mini storage business to increase the occupancy rate of the Fanling Building in the future. During the Year, a joint venture named Estate Summit Limited (“Estate Summit”) was formed with an independent third party with extensive management and operating experiences for the sake of operating the office leasing business in Hong Kong. Estate Summit entered into a four-year tenancy agreement for the whole 29th floor of One Pacific Centre located in Kwun Tong district. The renovation work of the business center was completed in August 2015, and it was put into market in September 2015. A brand name of “Prime Business Centres” was built and approximately 41% of units were rented out as at 31 December 2015. In view of the increasing rental expenses of office premises and the large demand for small-sized offices of small enterprises in Hong Kong, the Group believes that there is huge potential in the industry of running office leasing business in Hong Kong. Our business service center in Kwun Tong is the first trial of the Group in this industry, and the Group will consider expanding this business after evaluating the performance of the business service center in Kwun Tong. According to the Group’s accounting standards, the ground floor, 1st, 2nd floor and half floor of 4th floor of the Fanling Building were classified as investment properties as at the date of the change of property use in 2014. The investment properties were carried at market value and a fair value gain of approximately HK$2.3 million was recorded in other gains and losses of the Group during the Year. Revenue from the Trading Business was approximately HK$35.1 million (the Period: HK$27.1 million) and a segment profit of approximately HK$2.2 million (the Period: HK$1.3 million) was reported. The segment profit margin has increased by approximately 1.5% to approximately 6.3% for the Year, as compared with approximately 4.8% for the Period. During the Year, the Group has established a new subsidiary in China to engage in the trading business of printing products within the country which pushed up the overall segment profit by approximately 0.9% for the Year. For the trading business in Hong Kong, the profit margin was slightly increased by approximately 0.6% as compared with that of the Period. During the Year, the Group recorded a fair value loss of approximately HK$6.7 million and a dividend income of approximately HK$0.3 million, both attributable to the Hong Kong listed securities held by the Group. The Group has further allocated idle fund of HK$25 million to the Securities trading business during the Year. As at 31 December 2015, the Group held 15 listed securities under the stock portfolio, among which the shares of Wang On Group Limited, whose shares are listed on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange (stock code: 1222) valued at approximately HK$10.9 million, representing approximately 24.3% of the fair value of the Group’s held-for-trading investments as at 31 December 2015. The Group will closely monitor the market and any information related to prospective investees before committing to any securities investment. Unless it becomes aware of any securities investment with great market potential, the Group will maintain the current portfolio size. As mentioned in the 2014 annual report, the Group has commenced the new gaming business which included the slot machine business and the internet gaming business. The slot machine business is positioned to capitalise on the abundant opportunities identified in the Asian gaming landscape. The Group sees an exciting future for the gambling and gaming industry in regions including, but not limited to, Japan, Taiwan, Macau, Singapore, Malaysia and Korea. During the Year, the Group has actively recruited the talents into our new business and expanded the working teams in both Hong Kong and China. Subsequent to year-end date, the Group has despatched the first batch of slot machines to Mexico. In 2016, more marketing efforts will be devoted to the business and it is expected that more games and slot machines will be despatched in 2016. The Group will continue to execute the strategy as planned and capture any opportunity emerged in the gaming industry. It will also closely monitor the development progress of the business and keep a close watch over the market situation in a cautious manner. As set out in the announcement of the Company dated 7 December 2015, the Group has commenced a new business activity in China by acting as an exclusive top-level operator of neighborhood stores of Vinux (Beijing) Information Technology Co., Limited (“Vinux”) for a term of two years (subject to fulfilment of certain performance targets), renewable for successive terms of one year each upon mutual agreement. As at 31 December 2015, the Group has been acting as an exclusive top-level operator of Vinux in Weifang city of Shandong province through a wholly-owned subsidiary, and in Kunming city of Yunnan province through a non-wholly owned subsidiary of the Group. The operations of both subsidiaries were still in testing stages and minimal operating costs were incurred as at 31 December 2015. With the commencement of gaming business in 2014, the Group has been looking into the investment potential of internet technology industry, and believed that this new business activity could diversify the Group’s income stream and broaden its revenue base. Also, this new business activity was in line with the Groups’ business development strategy. As at 31 December 2015, the Group had investments in six unlisted equity securities issued by private entities in overseas and the PRC and they were held for an identified long term strategic purpose. These unlisted entities are operating in different industries, such as digital health service sector, online music streaming service, travel management and consultancy business, etc. All these entities have the common characteristics of operating their business through various internet technological platforms so as to maximize their reach to maximize in faster way. This investment direction is also in line with Group’s business development strategy. The Group will monitor closely the new investments accordingly. Other gains and losses comprised the following major items: Year ended Nine months ended Change in fair value of derivative financial Change in fair value of held-for-trading Impairment loss recognised on available- for-sale investment (Note 1) Impairment loss recognised in respect of intangible assets (Note 2) Impairment loss recognised in respect of property, plant and equipment (Note 3) Loss on disposal of property, plant and Net foreign exchange gains (losses) Reversal of (allowance for) bad and Soliton Holdings Limited Soliton Notes: The Group has entered into a share subscription agreement on 11 February 2015 to subscribe for 4.41% of the total issued shares capital of Soliton Holdings Limited (“Soliton”), which principally engaged in cloud-based and cross-device enabled digital music streaming service with over 1,700,000 music tracks and videos. Soliton was providing the digital music streaming service to the wholly-owned subsidiaries of the Group. During the Year, the management of Soliton failed to execute the investment plan as planned and the return on investment was uncertain. In view of the uncertainty on the recoverability of the investment, full impairment was considered. During the Year, the Group has recognised an impairment loss in respect of the trademarks, which was classified as intangible assets, of the Music and Entertainment business. During the Year, the Group has recognised an impairment loss in respect of the property, plant and equipment of the Manufacturing and Sales business. The following table sets out the Group’s current ratio, quick ratio and gearing ratio as at 31 December 2015 and 31 December 2014: As at As at (i) (ii) Gearing ratio (%) (iii) (iii) Notes: Current ratio is calculated by dividing total current assets by total current liabilities as at the end of the year. Quick ratio is calculated by dividing the difference between total current assets and inventories (including properties under development for sale) by total current liabilities as at the end of the year. (iii) Gearing ratio is calculated by dividing total borrowings by total equity as at the end of the year and then multiplying it by 100%. As at 31 December 2015, the Group had short-term bank deposits and cash and cash equivalents of approximately HK$234.1 million (31 December 2014: approximately HK$248.8 million) and debts including (i) short-term unsecured bank borrowings of approximately HK$6.0 million (31 December 2014: approximately HK$10.5 million) repayable within one year from the end of the reporting period but contained a repayment on demand clause and carried at HIBOR rate plus 1.5% per annum; and (ii) an amount due to a related company of approximately HK$24.0 (31 December 2014: Nil), which was unsecured, fixed-interest bearing at a range from 12% per annum to 30% per annum and repayable with twelve months. The liquidity of the Group remained strong and healthy as compared with 2014. The gearing ratio decreased by 50% as compared with 31 December 2014 mainly because the amounts which had been previously classified as “borrowings” were reclassified as “amount due to a related company” as at 31 December 2015 as that independent borrower company was acquired by a related company which is controlled by the father of Mr. SUEK Ka Lun, Ernie, the executive Director and chairman of the Company, by the end of 2015. After such acquisition, such “amount due to a related company” became a connected transaction of the Company under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules. As such financial assistance received from the connected party was (i) conducted on normal commercial terms or better; and (ii) not secured by the assets of the Group, it was exempted from reporting, announcement and independent Shareholders’ approval requirements under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules. The current ratio and quick ratio decreased as at 31 December 2015 as compared with the respective figures as at 31 December 2014. It is mainly attributable to the increase in the current liabilities with the amount due to a related company, which was reclassified from “borrowings” as mentioned above. This was in line with the expansion of the Lending business as the amount was due to another money lending company incorporated in Hong Kong and we have some loan transactions cooperated with this money lending company during the Year. The Group generally finances its operation with internally-generated cash flows and bank facilities granted in Hong Kong and China. Taking into account the amount of the anticipated internally- generated funds and the available banking facilities, the Group has adequate resources to meet its future capital expenditure and working capital requirements. The Group will continue to implement its prudent policy in managing cash balances, thereby maintaining a strong and healthy liquidity level and ensuring that any business opportunity will be promptly seized. Set out below are fund raising activities conducted by the Company during the Period and the usage of the net proceeds up to 31 December 2015: On 15 April 2015, the Company and a placing agent entered into a placing agreement pursuant to which the Company has appointed the placing agent to procure, on best effort basis, not less than six placees to subscribe for 293,560,000 shares of the Company at a price of HK$0.146 per share. The aggregate nominal value of the placing shares is HK$14,678,000. The net issue price is approximately HK$0.142 per share. The placing price of HK$0.146 per share represents a discount of approximately 17.98% to the closing price of HK$0.178 per share as quoted on the Stock Exchange on 15 April 2015, which is the date of the placing agreement. The Directors are of the view that the placing can strengthen the financial position of the Group and provide funding to the Group to meet any future development and obligations and that such placing represents good opportunities to broaden the shareholders’ base and the capital base of the Company. Completion of the placing took place on 30 April 2015. The net proceeds from the placing were approximately HK$41.69 million and were intended to be utilised for general working capital of the Group. As at the date of this report, approximately HK$40 million out of the net proceeds were utilised for general working capital in the Lending business and approximately HK$1.2 million out of the net proceeds were utilised for potential equity investment. On 18 June 2015, the Company and a placing agent entered into a placing agreement pursuant to which the Company has appointed the placing agent to procure, on a fully underwritten basis, not less than six placees to subscribe, failing which the placing agent itself shall subscribe, for 352,280,000 shares of the Company at a price of HK$0.24 per share. The aggregate nominal value of the placing shares is HK$17,614,000. The net issue price is approximately HK$0.23 per share. The placing price of HK$0.24 per share represents a discount of approximately 14.29% to the closing price of HK$0.28 per share as quoted on the Stock Exchange on 18 June 2015, which is the date of the placing agreement. The Directors are of the view that the placing can strengthen the financial position of the Group and provide funding to the Group to meet any future development and obligations and that such placing represents good opportunities to broaden the shareholders’ base and the capital base of the Company. Completion of the placing took place on 2 July 2015. The net proceeds from the placing were approximately HK$82.2 million and were intended to be utilised as general working capital of the Group (including but not limited to working capital for the Group’s loan business), acquisition of machinery and potential equity investment. As at the date of this report, approximately HK$20 million was utilised in the Lending business, approximately HK$22 million was utilised in equity investments and approximately HK$16 million was utilised as general working capital of the Group. Save as disclosed above, there was no change in the share capital and capital structure of the Company for the Year. The Group will continue to strengthen, develop and diversify its portfolio to further establish a sustainable business growth. The Manufacturing and Sales business continues to be the core of the Group’s portfolio. The newly developed and establishing businesses such as the Lending business, the Music and Entertainment business, the Property business, the Securities trading business, the Trading business, the Gaming business and the “Internet + Community” business continue to develop and contribute in the Group’s portfolio. The Group will remain committed to this diversification strategy to generate a stable return and promising business growth to its shareholders. High growth rate is expected and the Group will allocate more financial resources to expand the lending business in the coming year. After a full year of operation, we have successfully built up our networks with money lending agents and we will continue to expand the network to meet up with more money lending agents for loan referral. The Group may consider putting certain marketing efforts to promote our brand through various public media. In the coming year, we will expand the mortgage business to corporate clients and expand the personal loan market. In view of the uncertain economy outlook, the Group will operate and expand in a cautious and risk- balanced manner to maintain a balanced portfolio. Cost reduction, quality management and efficiency enhancement continue to be the major initiatives of the segments in the coming year. To further enhance the segments’ competitiveness in the market, the Group continues its investment in talent recruitment, value adding services and the upgrade of its technology infrastructure in the coming year. The management has commenced the internal restructuring by merging departments to streamline the whole work processes in all levels in 2015 and expect to be continued in 2016. The Group believes that the restructuring process will further reduce the wastage and enhance the efficiency of our factories. Furthermore, the Group has continued to invest in automating the production line to improve the quality stability and efficiency and to reduce the staff costs of the factories. The Group will continue to increase the overall efficiency, expand customer networks, increase its value proposition and improve its business model to overcome the uncertainty in the PRC and global economy in the coming year in a prudent manner. In the coming year, the Group will continue to broaden its artistes base and target to sign up two to three more artistes in 2016. More financial resources will be allocated in talent cultivation and concerts and shows. In additions, since 2015, the Group has devoted more resources in searching for entertainment projects especially in the film market. The Group will continue to invest in the film and entertainment market and expand its investments in new media entertainment. The Group will closely monitor the market and market data related to prospective investees before committing to any securities investment. For the Property business, the Group will devote more resources in developing the mini storage business and business service center business and increase the occupancy rate of the properties of both businesses by implementing various promotion and marketing activities. The gaming business is developed aiming to become a leading developer of land-based casino gaming machines by integrating the broadest gaming contest portfolio in the industry into casino-grade Linux based gaming platform. The Group has successfully despatched the first batch of slot machines to Mexico subsequent to the year- end date. In the coming year, the Group expects to increase its games distribution network and to introduce games to more parts of the world, such as Colombia, Serbia and Holland. The Group will continue to invest in the designing and developing of new games for the new generation and further develop its distribution network to expand its global reach. The Group will also study the market of internet gaming, evaluate the potential and plan to pursue opportunities with partners to cross-sell and cross-utilise the portfolio across multiple distribution channels in order to enhance the revenue, while selectively pursuing new verticals and strategic alliances. For the new business commenced by the end of 2015, the Group has entered into an exclusive operator agreement with Vinux and developed neighborhood stores. The Group has currently started the stores’ operation in two locations, Weifang city and Kumming city. More stores are expected to be opened within these two cities in the coming years. The Group will allocate more resources to this new business to expand the sourcing teams in different types of commodities and put more marketing effort to promote the Vinux brand. It will also develop the franchising business models to increase the penetration rate of the Vinux brand to every places within the cities. Besides the existing and newly developed businesses, the Group will continue to devote resources to search for more projects with high potentials and to improve the operating performance of newly developed businesses by introducing new ideas and expanding collaboration with business partners. The Group’s sales and purchases are principally denominated in Renminbi, HK dollar, US dollar and EURO. Except for Renminbi, there was no significant fluctuation in the exchange rate of HK dollar and US dollar throughout the year. The management will closely monitor the foreign exchange rate risk of Renminbi, and identify any significant adverse impact on the PRC operations as caused by such risk. If necessary, the Group will consider using appropriate hedging solutions. During the Year, the Group has not used any financial instruments for hedging purpose and it did not have any outstanding hedging instruments as at 31 December 2015. For the Year, capital expenditure of the Group for property, plant and equipment amounted to approximately HK$7.6 million (the Period: approximately HK$17.7 million). The capital expenditure for the Year was mainly attributable to the acquisition of machinery for production in the PRC. As at 31 December 2015, the Group had capital commitments of approximately HK$12.9 million (31 December 2014: approximately HK$13.2 million) for the acquisition of property, plant and equipment and prepaid lease payments, which had been contracted for but had not been provided for in the financial statements. It is expected that the capital commitments will be funded by internal resources of the Group. The Group did not have any capital commitments for the acquisition of property, plant and equipment that had been authorised but not contracted for in both reporting periods. The Group did not have any material contingent liabilities as at 31 December 2015 (31 December 2014: Nil). As at 31 December 2015, the Group had pledged a leasehold building and investment properties with an aggregate carrying value of approximately HK$87.3 million to secure the general banking facilities granted to the Group (31 December 2014: approximately HK$86.5 million). As at 31 December 2015, none of the Group’s property, plant and equipment was pledged to secure other borrowings granted to the Group (31 December 2014: Nil). As at 31 December 2015, the Group had approximately 1,740 full- time employees (31 December 2014: approximately 1,920). Total staff costs (including directors’ remuneration) for the Year was approximately HK$176.2 million (the Period: approximately HK$142.9 million). The remuneration schemes are generally determined with reference to market conditions and the qualifications of the employees. The reward packages for the staff member in the Group are generally reviewed on an annual basis, depending on the staff member’s and the Group’s performance. Apart from salary payments, other staff benefits consist of contributions to the retirement benefit scheme, participation in share option scheme, and medical insurance for eligible employees. In-house and external training programmes are provided as and when required. Magic Mark Investments Limited Magic Mark Zhong Wei Capital, L.P. Zhong Wei Zhong Wei Zhong On 7 September 2015, Magic Mark Investments Limited (“Magic Mark”), a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, entered into the subscription agreement with the general partner of Zhong Wei Capital, L.P. (“Zhong Wei”), pursuant to which Magic Mark agreed to subscribe for an interest in Zhong Wei as a limited partner with a subscription amount of US$2 million. The principal focus of Zhong Wei is to invest in innovative companies with high growth potential that have operations in, contacts in or potential expansion into the PRC. Details of which are set out in the announcement dated 7 September 2015. As at 31 December 2015, the Group has paid US$400,000 and Zhong Wei has invested in five projects which engaged in different industries. The financial performance of various projects invested are as expected by Zhong Wei. Zhong Wei will continue to look for the innovative companies as mentioned in the mandate. As mentioned above, on 14 December 2015, Luxury Field, a wholly- owned subsidiary of the Company, and the purchaser entered into the sales and purchase agreement pursuant to which Luxury Field has agreed to sell, and the purchaser has agreed to purchase the entire issued share capital of Marble Arch at a consideration of HK$25,039,012. Details of which are set out in the announcement dated 21 November 2014, 18 February 2015, 30 April 2015, 3 June 2015 and 14 December 2015. Save for the events above-mentioned, the Group did not have any material acquisition or disposal of subsidiaries or associated companies during the Year. Proposed Capital reorganisation and proposed On 22 February 2016, the Board proposed to implement the Capital Reorganisation which will involve the Share Consolidation, the Capital Reduction and the Share Sub- division, details and definitions of which are as follows: Share Consolidation: Every 10 issued and unissued existing ordinary shares of par value of HK$0.05 each in the share capital of the Company (the “Existing Shares”) will be consolidated into 1 ordinary share of par value of HK$0.50 (the “Consolidated Share”) and where applicable, the total number of Consolidated Shares in the issued share capital of the Company immediately following the Share Consolidation will be rounded down to a whole number by cancelling any fraction in the issued share capital of the Company which may arise from the Share Consolidation. Capital Reduction: The Capital Reduction will be effected immediately upon the Share Consolidation becoming effective, pursuant to which the par value of each of the then issued Consolidated Shares will be reduced from HK$0.50 to HK$0.01 by cancelling the paid-up capital of the Company to the extent of HK$0.49 on each of the then issued Consolidated Shares, the credits arising from (a) such reduction of the paid-up capital; and (b) the cancellation of any fractional Consolidated Share in the issued share capital of the Company which may arise from the Share Consolidation (if any) will be credited to the contributed surplus account of the Company within the meaning of the Companies Act 1981 of Bermuda. Share Sub-division: Immediately following the Capital Reduction, each of the then authorised but unissued Consolidated Shares of par value of HK$0.50 each will be sub-divided into 50 ordinary shares of par value of HK$0.01 each in the share capital of the Company (the “New Shares”). On the same date, the Board also proposed to change the board lot size for trading in the shares of the Company from 20,000 Existing Shares to 10,000 New Shares subject to and upon the Capital Reorganisation becoming effective. The special general meeting will be convened and held on 1 April 2016 (Friday) for the shareholders of the Company (the “Shareholders”) to consider and approve the Capital Reorganisation comprising the Share Consolidation, the Capital Reduction and the Share Sub-division (each as described and defined in the circular of the Company dated 9 March 2016). Dream Class Dream Class Limited Updates in relation to a discloseable transaction involving provision of shareholder’s loan to a PRC As mentioned above, on 26 February 2016, and the Group (through its wholly-owned subsidiary, (Shenzhen Zhongxing Guolong Investment Development Co., Ltd.,) entered into a supplemental shareholder’s agreement pursuant to which the Group agreed to extend the repayment date of the shareholder’s loan in the principal amount of RMB30,000,000 advanced to (the “Shareholder’s Loan”) to 31 December 2016. On the same date, Dream Class Limited, a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company and the major shareholder of entered into a supplemental put option deed pursuant to which Dream Class Limited agreed to amend the put option period to a period commencing from 1 January 2017 to 30 June 2017 and to defer the cut-off date to 31 December 2016. Save as aforesaid, all the other terms of the put option deed shall remain unchanged and shall continue with full force and effect. On 11 March 2016, partially repaid the Shareholder’s Loan in the amount of RMB2,000,000 to the Group. Accordingly, the outstanding amount of the Shareholder’s Loan is RMB28,000,000 and is repayable on or before 31 December 2016 according to the supplemental shareholder’s loan agreement. Details of the shareholder’s loan and the put option deed abovementioned can be found in the announcements of the Company dated 27 February 2013, 26 February 2016 and 4 March 2016. 