Discussion and Annual Report 2015 China Vanadium Titano-Magnetite Mining Company Limited 2015 continued to be a challenging year for the steel industry in China. The National Bureau of Statistics of the PRC released data showing that China, the world’s largest iron ore consumer, recorded a GDP growth of only 6.9% in 2015, as compared to 7.4% in the previous year, its slowest pace since 1990. As China’s economic growth continued to slow down, coupled with overcapacity and weak demand in the steel industry, the price of iron ore was significantly affected. During the year under review, overseas mining companies continued to increase their iron ore output, imposing further pressure to the iron ore price. According to the World Steel Association, China’s crude steel production in 2015 declined by 2.3% to 803.8 Mt as compared to 823.0 Mt in the previous year. As demand fell at a faster rate than that of production, price competition was fierce among steel companies to maintain sales. As shown by the statistics of the China Iron and Steel Association (the “CISA”), cumulative losses of its steel enterprises members further expanded to RMB64.5 billion in 2015, with over half of the steel companies resulting in losses in the face of sluggish domestic demand, large quantities of China’s steel were sold abroad. China’s steel exports climbed by 20% year-on-year to 112.4 Mt in 2015, and the industry came up against ever-more anti- dumping complaints and lawsuits from countries around the world. In June 2015, India’s finance ministry imposed an anti- dumping duty on steel originating from China in a bid to support its domestic steel industry battling low prices and resulting weak margins. This added India to the list of countries, including the United States, countries in the European Union, Japan and South Korea that have enacted anti-dumping duties on China’s steel, dampening the potential for China’s steel makers to offload excess steel production abroad caused by persistent lackluster domestic demand. In addition, capital investments to comply with the new environmental laws have been substantial for steel companies since its enactment in early 2014. Some steel companies were thus forced to halt operating furnaces and required to further invest in facility upgrades. All of these factors have adversely affected the profitability of the steel industry in China as a whole. The China Steel Price Index compiled by the CISA declined by 31% from 81.9 in early January 2015 to 56.4 at the end of December 2015. The iron ore price was heavily affected by this severely unfavourable downstream market condition. As such, the China Iron Ore Price Index, also compiled by the CISA, demonstrated a downward trend in the same time frame, with a substantial decrease of 37% from 253.9 to 160.5. The iron ore and steel markets remained weak as both suffered from abundant capacity and weak demand. The Group’s business was inevitably affected by these negative trends. As for the titanium industry, along with the persistent weak demand and sluggish economic state, the domestic titanium market remained dim during the year under review, which dragged down product prices. Though the price of high-grade titanium concentrates in Panzhihua gained a slight increase from RMB470-RMB500/tonne in early January 2015 to RMB570- RMB590/tonne in late June 2015, mainly due to temporary stock replenishment, the price has since dropped to RMB510- RMB530/tonne at the end of December 2015. In view of the weak industry sentiment, some of the titanium mining companies in China reduced output or even suspended production during the year under review to prevent further declines in profitability or to cap losses. More negative than positive factors have daunted the iron ore market during the year under review, and the industry “winter” will likely last. In face of the unfavourable operating environment, the Group has strengthened its strategy in streamlining its operations to combat such challenging business conditions. The overall supply demand conflicts in the steel and iron ore industries were not resolved throughout 2015, which severely affected the Group’s financial performance. During the year in 2015, the downstream market conditions of our industry (a continued trend from year 2014) – remained unfavourable. In May 2015, Mr. Jiang Zhong Ping (who is also the executive Director and chairman of the Company) was appointed as acting chief executive officer, who then led the management in conducting major strategic reviews for the Group. These strategic reviews were based on the Group’s operating experience in the industry with the primary objectives to ensure that the Group’s processing plants and distribution business could continue to operate in more efficient ways and on a commercially viable basis over a longer term when market conditions remained highly uncertain. More importantly, the Group has since intensified efforts to streamline operations and initiated plans to rationalise assets in order to minimise operating losses and improve cash flows given the challenging operating environment in which the Group operates. The Group’s revenue decreased significantly by 20.4% to approximately RMB516.4 million as compared to the corresponding period of last year due mainly to lower trade volumes and lower selling prices, which resulted in a gross loss for the year as certain direct production costs were fixed. The gross loss of the Group was approximately RMB23.2 million and the gross loss margin was approximately 4.5%. The impairment losses on goodwill, property, plant and equipment, intangible assets, trade receivables and assets held for sale were in aggregate of approximately RMB551.8 million, the fair value loss on the Exchangeable Notes was approximately RMB69.0 million and the loss and total comprehensive loss attributable to owners of the Company was approximately RMB1,105.5 million. On a positive note, the operating losses for the Group (excluding impairment losses) improved in 2nd half of 2015 over that of 1st half of 2015 following the Group’s operational streamlining exercise, discretionary suspension of loss-making productions, strategic decisions to scale back certain facilities and costs control discipline. The Group currently owns the Baicao Mine, the Xiushuihe Mine, the Yangqueqing Mine, the Cizhuqing Mine, the Maoling- Yanglongshan Mine, the Haibaodang Mine and the Shigou Gypsum Mine. Furthermore, the Group owns the Baicao Processing Plant, the Xiushuihe Processing Plant, the Hailong Processing Plant, the Heigutian Processing Plant and the Iron Pelletising Plant in the Panxi Region and also owns the Maoling Processing Plant in the Aba Prefecture. Annual Report 2015 China Vanadium Titano-Magnetite Mining Company Limited During the year, the severely weak market sentiment caused significant reductions in (i) production volume of many steel companies in Sichuan and (ii) demand for iron ore product in the upstream market. As a result, the sales volume and average selling price of the Group’s iron ore products significantly declined. The sales volume and production volume of vanadium-bearing iron concentrates, the Group’s major product, decreased by 12.2% and 32.4%, respectively as compared to the corresponding period of last year. The Group had no output for iron pellets since last year and low output for high- grade titanium concentrates during the year. Aba Mining resumed production since 2011 and completed reconstruction to achieve the planned production capacity during the year and hence the sales volume and production volume of ordinary iron concentrates increased by 31.7% and 35.6%, respectively. The gross loss margin for vanadium-bearing iron concentrates was 24.7% and the gross profit margins for ordinary iron concentrates (self-produced) and high-grade titanium concentrates were 16.0% and 9.0%, respectively. Please refer to the table summarised the breakdown of the total production volume and total sales volume of the Group’s products in this section for further details. Under such unfavourable market conditions, the Group intended to explore new opportunities and diversify the business. As such, the trading of steel was conducted since the second half of this year. During the year, vanadium-bearing iron concentrates, ordinary iron concentrates (self-produced), ordinary iron concentrates (trading), high-grade titanium concentrates and trading of steel contributed 33.8%, 16.5%, 14.0%, 2.8% and 32.9% of the total revenue, respectively. Loss before interest, tax, depreciation and amortisation increased from approximately RMB270.7 million for the year ended 31 December 2014 to approximately RMB839.6 million for the year, this was mainly due to the impairment losses on goodwill, property, plant and equipment, intangible assets, trade receivables and assets held for sale in aggregate of approximately RMB551.8 million. Such impairment losses were estimated and recorded mainly based on the underlying basis of lower-than- expected utilisation rates, lower estimated recoverable amounts and updated fair values for the respective assets. As mentioned above, the financial performance of the Group deteriorated given the weak market conditions and the Group also faced several risks and uncertainties. The capacity utilisation of the Group’s plants fell sharply which led to a discretionary suspension of the Group’s vanadium-bearing iron concentrates processing lines and high-grade titanium concentrates processing lines. Based on the Group’s operating experience in the industry with the primary objectives to ensure that the Group’s processing plants and distribution business could continue to operate in more efficient ways and on a commercially viable basis over a longer term, management has conducted strategic reviews of the mines and processing plants and as such, the Group has intensified efforts to streamline operations and initiated plans to rationalise assets, which is extremely important in battling market uncertainty amidst continued weak operating environment. The Group, in addition to the internal assessment, has engaged independent valuers to assess assets impairment which would has been largely based on such operational streamlining exercises and assets rationalisation plans which the management initiated during the year under review. Please refer to the Company’s announcement dated 24 June 2015 for further details. During the year, apart from suspension of certain production facilities, management has also planned to rationalise part of the Group’s assets, which have been loss-making and operating at below optimal utilisation – one of which being the entire production line of the Heigutian Processing Plant that the Group has since closed down; and have since been classified it as assets held for sale as at 31 December 2015. These assets held for sale of approximately RMB378.3 million, representing the property, plant and equipment and land use right of the Heigutian Processing Plant were recorded at fair value less cost to sell as at 31 December 2015. Management has since been actively seeking for potential buyer and has established a non- legally binding agreement framework and meeting minutes in August 2015 and December 2015, respectively, in finalising the potential sale. Given the downturn of China’s economy, many banks and financial institutions in China have tightened their lending policies and adopted more prudent loan measures, especially for those businesses, which are perceived to be unfavourable or in higher risk industries while experiencing massive overcapacities. Such bank loans, if any, are likely to remain callable on demand, subject to short-term reviews or be offered with a much higher cost of fund. The Group’s businesses, as fall under the categories which have been extensively affected by these conservative banking approaches, is well aware of the difficulties and uncertainty in obtaining long-term banking facilities and thus, management has been working on and evaluating alternative financing structure over a medium term so that the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern is not materially affected by the current banking practices. Despite such management efforts, management reckons that there is no certainty for the Group in finalising these alternative financing plans and considered that the liquidity risks for the Group have since increased. In the event that there is no improvement in such operating environment for and funding structure of the Group going forward, the going concern of the Group may be affected. During the year, whilst part of the trade receivables was received, the recoverability remained low. The Group individually impaired trade receivables related to certain customers that were in financial difficulties to which the Group had stopped supplying goods, initiated discussions on repayment terms and was in the midst of monitoring their repayment schedules. Whilst the Group continued to follow up closely on the receivable status, the recoverability of part of the receivables has specifically been affected by the weak market conditions. As such, part of the collections may be delayed by a longer- than-expected period or part of the receivables may not be recoverable. As such, the Group made an impairment loss of approximately RMB181.9 million during the year. Despite such impairment and longer-than-expected repayment periods, the Group has initiated and will continue to initiate necessary actions to recover these receivables in part or in full. Annual Report 2015 China Vanadium Titano-Magnetite Mining Company Limited Regarding the Group’s investment in an Indonesian mine, Sure Prime Limited (the “Investor”), a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, did not receive any part of the redemption amount payable by the Issuer under the Exchangeable Notes during the year. On 30 December 2014, the Investor, subject to the consent of the other noteholders, granted a waiver in favour of the Issuer to waive the event of default and entered into the supplemental deed with the Issuer, its ultimate beneficial owner, and the Target Company. Pursuant to the supplemental deed, the final maturity date of 25 November 2014 under the Exchangeable Notes has been extended to 25 June 2015, which was then brought forward to 25 March 2015 on 8 January On 25 March 2015, which was the final maturity date under the supplemental deed, the Investor did not receive any part of the redemption amount payable by the Issuer under the Exchangeable Notes. In view of this, on even date, the legal advisor of the Investor, for and on its behalf, issued a notice of potential event of default to the Issuer requesting for the payment of the redemption amount in accordance with the terms of the Exchangeable Notes and reminding the Issuer about the potential occurrence of an event of default if the Investor did not receive the full redemption amount by 1 April 2015. On 1 April 2015, the Investor did not receive any part of the redemption amount payable by the Issuer under the Exchangeable Notes. In view of this, the Investor’s legal advisor had issued a formal notice to the Issuer informing the occurrence of an event of default and preserving the rights of the Investor under the relevant transaction documents. On 28 July 2015, the Investor, with the consent of the other noteholders, granted a waiver in favour of the Issuer to waive the event of default and entered into a supplemental deed, pursuant to which, the final maturity date has been extended from 25 March 2015 to 25 August On 2 September 2015, the Investors did not receive any part of the redemption amount payable by the Issuer within five business days following the final maturity date, which was 25 August 2015, under the Exchangeable Notes. In view of this, the Investor’s legal advisor issued a formal notice to the Issuer informing the occurrence of an event of default, demanding for forthwith payment of the redemption amount payable by the Issuer under the Exchangeable Notes and preserving the rights of the Investor under the relevant transaction documents. Please refer to the section headed “Other Significant Events” in this annual report for further details. The Group also wishes to highlight that since the granting of the waiver, the Investor has not received any part of the amount repayable by the Issuer from the redemption of the Exchangeable Notes. Management has been following up with the Issuer since then. According to an independent third party research report, the operation of the Indonesian mine in the coming future will be filled with uncertainties due to the iron ore export ban exerted by the Indonesian government and the weakened iron ore price in the region. Given the lower cost advantage of the Indonesian mine, the Group still sees business potential which could reflect the mine’s value. However, the Group has no plan to make further capital investment in mine smelting according to its current strategy of streamlining operations and scaling back facilities, as previously guided under the strategic reviews. As at 31 December 2015, the fair value of the Exchangeable Notes was recorded at approximately RMB221.2 million. As mentioned in the above, the Group has closely been pursuing to the recoverability of the Exchangeable Notes and considering other potential course of actions, including enforcement actions against the Issuer of the Exchangeable Notes to fully recover the Exchangeable Notes during the year and this has since become one of the material uncertainties. The recoverability of these Exchangeable Notes, has a material impact on the financial position of the Group which is critical for the Group to operate as a going concern under the current weak market conditions. The following table summarised the breakdown of the total production volume and total sales volume of the Group’s products: (Kt) (Kt) Baicao Processing Plant Xiushuihe Processing Plant Heigutian Processing Plant Hailong Processing Plant Total production volume Total sales volume Maoling Processing Plant Total production volume Total sales volume trading purpose Sale to an independent third party for trading purpose Baicao Processing Plant Total production volume Total sales volume Annual Report 2015 China Vanadium Titano-Magnetite Mining Company Limited (Kt) (Kt) Baicao Processing Plant Xiushuihe Processing Plant Heigutian Processing Plant Total production volume Total sales volume Purchase from an independent third party for trading purchase Sales to an independent third party for trading purpose During the year, the Group’s revenue was approximately RMB516.4 million (2014: RMB649.1 million), decreased by 20.4% as compared to the corresponding period in 2014 due mainly to the significant fall in both sales volume and average selling prices of the Group’s products. The revenue also included the trading sales of ordinary iron concentrates and steels to independent third parties of approximately RMB72.2 million and RMB169.9 million, respectively. Cost of sales primarily included contracting fees for mining and stripping as well as materials, labour, power and other utilities, repair and maintenance, depreciation and amortisation, and the purchase costs of ordinary iron concentrates and steels from the independent third parties for trading purposes. During the year, the Group’s cost of sales was approximately RMB539.5 million (2014: RMB661.9 million), decreased by 18.5% as compared to the corresponding period in 2014 given lower sales volume of the Group’s products and decrease in purchase of trading-related ordinary iron concentrates, despite increase in trading-related steel purchase. During the year, the unit production costs of vanadium-bearing iron concentrates decreased as compared to the corresponding period in 2014 mainly because of lower stripping costs as a result of lower ratio of waste to raw iron ore during the extraction process. As a result of the foregoing – lower revenue and higher cost of sales given the unfavorable market conditions, the gross loss for the year was approximately RMB23.2 million (2014: RMB12.8 million). The gross loss margin for the year was approximately 4.5% (2014: 2.0%). Other income and gains significantly decreased by 53.9%, from approximately RMB52.1 million for the year ended 31 December 2014 to approximately RMB24.0 million for the year. During the year, Huili Caitong disposed Yanbian Caitong and recognised a gain on disposal of approximately RMB17.6 million. The decrease in other income and gains of the Group for the year was mainly due to the decrease in bank interest income and government grants. Selling and distribution expenses increased by 52.8%, from approximately RMB35.2 million for the year ended 31 December 2014 to approximately RMB53.8 million for the year. The selling and distribution expenses primarily consisted of transportation fees, which mainly represented the road transportation costs, goods loading and unloading fees, platform storage and administration fees. The increase was mainly due to (i) higher transportation costs for vanadium-bearing iron concentrates as these costs were borne by the Group for the customers since January 2015 to promote higher sales volume amid the unfavourable market conditions and (ii) the transportation costs for ordinary iron concentrates increased due to the longer transportation distance undertaken in order to expand the sales volume. Annual Report 2015 China Vanadium Titano-Magnetite Mining Company Limited Administrative expenses increased by 2.2%, from approximately RMB193.5 million for the year ended 31 December 2014 to approximately RMB197.7 million for the year. The administrative expenses during the year mainly consisted of (i) the suspension expenses including staff costs and overheads in aggregate of approximately RMB94.3 million; (ii) the prepaid technical service fee written off of approximately RMB39.3 million which was previously paid to Sichuan Nanjiang Mining Group Co., Ltd. (“Nanjiang”), as no economic benefits from such technical consultancy services is expected to be realised in the foreseeable future given the continuing weak market conditions and (iii) unallocated fixed overheads of approximately RMB17.5 million due to low production of vanadium-bearing iron concentrates. Other expenses increased by 418.1%, from approximately RMB14.4 million for the year ended 31 December 2014 to approximately RMB74.6 million for the year. The significant increase was mainly due to (i) mine landslide treatment expense of RMB45.0 million incurred for the Xiushuihe Mine on account of safety concerns to the villagers nearby arising from landslide risks and (ii) the inventories of vanadium-bearing iron concentrates and medium-grade titanium concentrates in aggregate of approximately RMB10.4 million were written down to net realisable value due to the significant decrease in the market selling price during the year. During the year, management has conducted strategic reviews of the mines and processing plants and as such, the Group has intensified efforts to streamline operations and initiated plans to rationalise assets. The impairment losses, estimated and recorded mainly on the grounds of lower utilisation rates, lower recoverable amounts and lower fair values for various assets affected by the operational streamlining exercise and assets rationalisation plans, were approximately RMB551.8 million for the year (2014: RMB249.1 million), representing the impairment losses on goodwill of approximately RMB15.3 million, property, plant and equipment of approximately RMB258.3 million, intangible assets of approximately RMB35.7 million, trade receivables of approximately RMB181.9 million and assets held for sale of approximately RMB60.6 million. Fair value loss recorded on financial assets for the year was approximately RMB69.0 million, given lower fair value for the Exchangeable Notes. The Exchangeable Notes are now recorded at the fair value of approximately RMB221.2 million. Finance costs increased by 3.7%, from approximately RMB62.2 million for the year ended 31 December 2014 to approximately RMB64.5 million for the year, primarily due to the increase in interest on bank and other loans. Income Tax Credit/(Expense) Income tax expense for the year was approximately RMB102.7 million compared to an income tax credit for the year ended 31 December 2014 of approximately RMB133.2 million. The income tax expense for the year was mainly due to the reversal of deferred tax arising from impairment losses, tax losses and stripping costs recognised in the prior year. As a result of the foregoing, loss and total comprehensive loss for the year was approximately RMB1,113.2 million (2014: RMB367.4 million). Loss and total comprehensive loss attributable to owners of the Company was approximately RMB1,105.5 million for the year (2014: RMB366.4 million). The Board does not recommend the payment of a final dividend for the year ended 31 December 2015 (2014: Nil).. The following table sets out certain information regarding the Group’s consolidated statement of cash flows for the years ended 31 December 2015 and 2014: Cash and cash equivalents as stated in the consolidated statement of cash flows at beginning of year Net cash flows used in operating activities Net cash flows from investing activities Net cash flows from/(used in) financing activities Net increase/(decrease) in cash and cash equivalents Effect of foreign exchange rate changes, net Cash and cash equivalents as stated in the consolidated statement of cash flows at end of year The Group’s net cash flows used in operating activities were approximately RMB764.5 million for the year ended 31 December 2014 and approximately RMB201.9 million for the year, an improvement over last corresponding year following streamlining exercise and costs control. Loss before tax was approximately RMB1,010.5 million, partially reduced by non-cash adjustments such as (i) impairment losses on goodwill, property, plant and equipment, intangible assets, assets held for sale and trade receivables in aggregate of approximately RMB551.8 million; (ii) prepaid technical service fee written off of approximately RMB39.3 million; (iii) fair value loss on changes in fair value arising from the Exchangeable Notes of approximately RMB69.0 million and (iv) depreciation and amortisation in aggregate of approximately RMB108.7 million, in arriving at the net cash flows used in operating activities for the year. The Group’s net cash flows from investing activities were approximately RMB453.0 million for the year ended 31 December 2014 and approximately RMB369.4 million for the year. It primarily included the withdrawals of time deposits with maturity of over three months of approximately RMB327.8 million and the decrease in pledged bank balances of approximately RMB187.7 million for the issuance of bills payable, which were partially offset by the purchase of items of property, plant and equipment and intangible assets in aggregate of approximately RMB124.5 million. Annual Report 2015 China Vanadium Titano-Magnetite Mining Company Limited The Group’s net cash flows from financing activities were approximately RMB400.6 million for the year ended 31 December 2014 and the net cash flows used in financing activities were approximately RMB181.7 million for the year. It primarily included the repayment of bank loans of approximately RMB271.0 million, which was offset by the proceeds from bank loans of approximately RMB89.4 million. The Group’s inventories increased by 51.4%, from approximately RMB154.9 million as at 31 December 2014 to approximately RMB234.5 million as at 31 December 2015, primarily due to the additional inventories in relation to the trading of steels, which have been fully sold in February 2016. The Group’s trade and bills receivables decreased by 40.0%, from approximately RMB533.4 million as at 31 December 2014 to approximately RMB320.1 million as at 31 December 2015. Trade receivable turnover days were approximately 277 days (year ended 31 December 2014: 243 days). The Group had previously warned of higher credit risks under the challenging business environment, which the management needs to be more vigilant in monitoring its overall collection cycles closely and assessing these credit risks more regularly. During the year, the Group recognised impairment loss on trade receivables of approximately RMB181.9 million related to certain customers that were in financial difficulties while trying to initiate necessary actions to recover these debts. Please refer to the section headed “Business and Operations Review” in this annual report for further details. The assets classified as held for sale were approximately RMB378.3 million as at 31 December 2015, representing the property, plant and equipment and land use right of the Heigutian Processing Plant. The impairment loss of the Heigutian Processing Plant of approximately RMB60.6 million was recognised for the year – value was written down to their fair value less cost to sell. The Group’s trade and bills payables increased by 3.1%, from approximately RMB302.1 million as at 31 December 2014 to approximately RMB311.6 million as at 31 December 2015, primarily due to longer settlement period from major suppliers. The Group’s net current assets position was approximately RMB231.0 million as at 31 December 2014 and the net current liabilities position was approximately RMB105.8 million as at 31 December 2015. It was primarily due to the operating loss incurred during the year, impairment loss on trade receivables and fair value loss on the Exchangeable Notes. As at 31 December 2015, the Group’s borrowings included mainly (i) a bank loan of RMB120.0 million with an annual interest rate of 5.88% from Shanghai Pudong Development Bank (“SPDB”) Chengdu Branch to Xiushuihe Mining which was secured by the mining right of the Xiushuihe Mine and 95% equity interest in Xiushuihe Mining; (ii) bank loans of RMB225.0 million with an annual interest rate of 5.32% from China Construction Bank (“CCB”) Huili Branch to Huili Caitong which was secured by the mining right of the Baicao Mine; (iii) a bank loan of RMB28.7 million with an annual interest rate of 6.48% from SPDB Chengdu Branch to Aba Mining which was secured by the mining right of the Maoling Mine; (iv) an unsecured bank loan of RMB75.0 million with an annual interest rate of 6.55% from CCB Xichang Branch to Huili Caitong and (v) unsecured bank loans of RMB136.2 million, RMB112.7 million and RMB120.0 million with annual interest rates ranging from 5.35% to 6.0%, 5.6% to 6.0% and 5.88% from China Merchant Bank (“CMB”) Yingmenkou Branch, Industrial and Commercial Bank of China (“ICBC”) Liangshan Branch and SPDB Chengdu Branch, respectively, to Huili Caitong and Xiushuihe Mining. As at 31 December 2015, the Group did not have any material contingent liabilities. As at 31 December 2015, the mining right of the Xiushuihe Mine and 95% equity interest in Xiushuihe Mining were pledged to SPDB Chengdu for the bank loan of RMB120.0 million. The mining right of the Baicao Mine was pledged to CCB Huili branch for the bank loans of RMB225.0 million and the mining right of the Maoling Mine was pledged to SPDB Chengdu branch for the bank loan of RMB28.7 million. In addition, the Group’s deposits of approximately RMB12.9 million were pledged at banks for the issuance of bills payable. The Group’s business is located in the PRC and its operating transactions are conducted in Renminbi. Most of its assets and liabilities are denominated in Renminbi, except for certain payables to professional parties and administrative expenses in the Hong Kong office that are denominated in Hong Kong dollars, and the Exchangeable Notes that are denominated in US dollars. The Renminbi is not freely convertible. There is a risk that the Chinese Government may take actions affecting exchange rates which may have a material adverse effect on the Group’s net assets, earnings and any dividends it declares if such dividend is to be exchanged or converted into foreign exchange. The Group has not entered into any hedging transactions to manage the potential fluctuation in foreign currencies. Management monitors the Group’s foreign currency exposure and will consider hedging significant foreign currency exposure when the needs rise. The following table demonstrates the sensitivity to a 5.0% change in RMB against HK$ and US$, respectively. The 5.0% is the rate used when reporting currency risk internally to key management personnel and represents management’s assessment of the reasonably possible changes in the foreign currency rate. The sensitivity analyses of the Group’s exposure to foreign currency risk at the end of each reporting period have been determined based on the adjustment of translation of the monetary assets and liabilities at the end of each reporting period for a 5.0% change in RMB against HK$ and US$, respectively, with all other variables held constant, of the Group’s loss before tax for the year ended 31 December 2015 (due to changes in the fair value of cash and cash equivalents and financial assets at fair value through profit and loss): If RMB strengthens against HK$ and US$ If RMB weakens against HK$ and US$ Annual Report 2015 China Vanadium Titano-Magnetite Mining Company Limited The Group’s income and operating cash flows are not substantially affected by changes in market interest rates. We have no significant interest-bearing assets, except for cash and cash equivalents. The Group manages its interest rate exposure arising from all of its interest-bearing loans through the use of fixed rates. In addition, the Group has not used any interest rate swaps to hedge against interest rate risks. As at 31 December 2015, the Group’s contractual obligations amounted to approximately RMB9.1 million, decreased by RMB41.9 million as compared to approximately RMB51.0 million as at 31 December 2014, primarily due to partial settlement of the consideration payable in respect of acquisition of 51% equity interests in Sichuan Haoyuan. The Group’s total capital expenditure decreased by RMB442.1 million from approximately RMB595.9 million for the year ended 31 December 2014 to approximately RMB153.8 million for the year. The capital expenditure consisted of (i) technical improvement on the processing line for vanadium-bearing iron concentrates in the Xiushuihe Processing Plant of approximately RMB58.0 million; (ii) the construction of tailing storage facilities at the Baicao Mine and the Xiushuihe Mine of approximately RMB55.0 million and RMB10.0 million, respectively; (iii) the last installment in respect of the acquisition of 51% equity interests in Sichuan Haoyuan of RMB16.0 million; (iv) the development of the construction of miscellaneous projects and acquisition of machinery equipment of approximately RMB11.5 million; and (v) the stripping costs classified as stripping activity assets of approximately RMB3.3 million. As at 31 December 2015, the Group had Exchangeable Notes in the principal amount of US$30.0 million. The Exchangeable Notes were recorded as financial assets at fair value of approximately RMB221.2 million. Gearing ratio is a measure of financial leverage, which is calculated by net debt divided by “total equity plus net debt”. Net debt is defined as interest-bearing bank and other loans, net of cash and cash equivalents and it excludes liabilities incurred for working capital purpose. Equity includes equity attributable to owners of the Company and non-controlling interests. As at 31 December 2015, gearing ratio was 20.3% (31 December 2014: 12.7%). Resource and Reserve Summary of the Baicao Mine and the Xiushuihe Mine (including expansion) (a) Tonnage Grades (Mt) TFe (%) TiO2 (%) TFe (Kt) TiO2 (Kt) V2O5 (Kt) Measured resource Indicated resource Total (M+I) Inferred resource Xiushuihe Mine (including expansion) Measured resource Indicated resource Total (M+I) Inferred resource (b) Tonnage Grades (Mt) TFe (%) TiO2 (%) TFe (Kt) TiO2 (Kt) V2O5 (Kt) Proved reserve Probable reserve Total Xiushuihe Mine (including expansion) Proved reserve Probable reserve Total Notes: All assumptions and technical parameters set out in the technical report of the Behre Dolbear Asia, Inc. as shown in the prospectus of the Company dated 24 September 2009 with respect to the Baicao Mine and the Xiushuihe Mine (including expansion) are continued to apply. The last digit of the figures in the table may not add up correctly because of rounding. Annual Report 2015 China Vanadium Titano-Magnetite Mining Company Limited Tonnage Grade (Mt) TFe (%) TFe (Kt) Measured resource Indicated resource Total (M+I) Inferred resource Note: The last digit of the figures in the table may not add up correctly because of rounding. The resources of the Yangqueqing Mine (including expansion) and the Cizhuqing Mine under the JORC Code (2004 Edition) have not been changed since the disclosure in our 2011 interim report. The material assumptions and technical parameters as set out in the Company’s announcement dated 13 February 2015 in preparing the resource data with respect to the Maoling-Yanglongshan Mine, the Yangqueqing Mine (including expansion) and the Cizhuqing Mine have not been materially changed and continue to apply. The resources of the Haibaodang Mine under the Classification for Resources/Reserves of Solid Fuels and Mineral Commodities (GB/T 17766-1999) have not been changed since the disclosure in our 2014 annual report. The assumption of the resources of the Haibaodang Mine is 10% TFe cut-off grade and 2 metres minimum width. The resources of the Shigou Gypsum Mine under the Classification for Resources/Reserves of Solid Fuels and Mineral Commodities (GB/T 17766-1999) have not been changed since the disclosure in our 2014 annual report. The assumption of the resources of the Shigou Gypsum Mine is 82.51% “gypsum + anhydrite” cut-off grade and 1 metre minimum width. As at 31 December 2015, the Group had a total of 1,497 dedicated full time employees (31 December 2014: 1,864 employees), including 58 management and administrative staff, 56 technical staff, 11 sales and marketing staff and 1,372 operational staff. For the year ended 31 December 2015, the employee benefit expense (including Directors’ remuneration in the form of salaries, equity-settled share option expenses and other allowances) was approximately RMB51.7 million (2014: RMB88.7 million). Details are set out in note 7 to the financial statements of this annual report. The emolument policies of the Group are based on performance, experience, competence and market comparables. Remuneration packages generally comprise salary, housing allowance, contribution to pension schemes and discretionary bonus relating to the performance of the Group. The Group has also adopted share option schemes for its employees, providing incentives and rewards to eligible participants with reference to their contributions. For details, please refer to the Directors’ Report. As disclosed in the announcements of the Company dated 2 May 2011, 9 August 2011, 30 September 2011, 18 November 2011 and 25 November 2011 in relation to the subscription by the Investor of the Exchangeable Notes in the aggregate principal amount of US$30 million issued by the Issuer, there is a term under the Note Certificate that all of the Exchangeable Notes, which has not been exchanged into shares, shall be redeemed on the final maturity date. The Investor did not receive any part of the redemption amount payable by the Issuer under the Exchangeable Notes and there occurred an event of default on 2 December 2014. On 30 December 2014, the Investor, subject to the consent of the other noteholders, (i) granted a waiver in favour of the Issuer to waive the event of default; and (ii) entered into the supplemental deed with the Issuer, its ultimate beneficial owner, and the Target Company. Pursuant to the supplemental deed, (a) the final maturity date of 25 November 2014 under the Exchangeable Notes has been extended to 25 June 2015; (b) the yield to maturity for the entire term of the Exchangeable Notes and until the full redemption thereof has been revised from 20% to 25% per annum; and (c) the Investor shall be entitled to exchange all or any part of the Exchangeable Notes at any time prior to the full redemption of the Exchangeable Notes by a single or multiple presentation of exchange notice (the “Supplemental Arrangement”). On 8 January 2015, the Investor received the consent from the other noteholders to give effect to the waiver and the Supplemental Arrangement except that the final maturity date under the Supplemental Arrangement shall be brought forward from 25 June 2015 to 25 March 2015. Save for the above, there are no other revisions made to the Supplemental Arrangement. On 25 March 2015, which was the final maturity date under the Supplemental Arrangement, the Investor did not receive any part of the redemption amount payable by the Issuer under the Exchangeable Notes. In view of this, on even date, the legal advisor of the Investor, for and on its behalf, issued a notice of potential event of default to the Issuer requesting for the payment of the redemption amount in accordance with the terms of the Exchangeable Notes and reminded the Issuer about the potential occurrence of an event of default if the Investor did not receive the full redemption amount by 1 April 2015. On 1 April 2015, the Investor did not receive any part of the redemption amount payable by the Issuer under the Exchangeable Notes. In view of this, the Investor’s legal advisor issued a formal notice to the Issuer informing the occurrence of an event of default and preserving the rights of the Investor under the relevant transaction documents. On 28 July 2015, the Investor, with the consent of the other noteholders, granted a waiver in favour of the Issuer to waive the event of default and entered into a supplemental deed, pursuant to which, the final maturity date was extended from 25 March 2015 to 25 August 2015. On 2 September 2015, the Investor did not receive any part of the redemption amount payable by the Issuer within five business days following the final maturity date, which was 25 August 2015, under the Exchangeable Notes. In view of this, the Investor’s legal advisor issued a formal notice to the Issuer informing the occurrence of an event of default, demanding for forthwith payment of the redemption amount payable by the Issuer under the Exchangeable Notes, and preserving the rights of the Investor under the relevant transaction documents. Please refer to the Company’s announcements dated 8 January 2015, 1 April 2015, 28 July 2015 and 2 September 2015 for further details. Annual Report 2015 China Vanadium Titano-Magnetite Mining Company Limited China’s economy is now undergoing an adjustment period, while it is not totally unexpected, major industries including the commodities sector are experiencing growth deceleration with China’s GDP growth having reduced by half compared to 14.2% in 2007. At the Fourth Plenary Session of 12th National People’s Congress of the PRC held in early March 2016, it was announced that according to the 13th Five-Year plan, the annual GDP growth target has been set at an average of 6.5% for the next five years, a sign of China’s slowing pace of growth. Market analysis also forecasted that China’s GDP growth to show a downward trend till 2017, as property construction slowdown continues and excess capacity in the industrial and mining sectors suppresses investment and industrial demand. China’s steel industry reached a long predicted turning point in 2015, as the economy slowed down and oversupply in the property sector cramped demand for construction, machinery and automobiles. This saw China’s steel consumption decline for the first time in 20 years. A report released by the China Metallurgical Industry Planning and Research Institute at the end of November 2015 said that China’s steel production would likely outstrip demand in 2016, with steel production to fall 3.1% to 781 Mt in 2016, outpacing a drop in consumption of 3% to 648 Mt. According to the government institute, the declines are set to continue in 2016 as economic growth moderates. For the global market, the World Steel Association forecasted the global steel demand to increase by 0.7% to 1,523 Mt in 2016, according to its report released in October 2015. It lowered the growth forecast from 1.4% in its outlook report in April 2015, considering the continued growth deceleration in China. On a positive note, the report stated that there was a recovery of steel demand in the developed economies but the momentum is expected to remain weak. However, conditions in China’s steel market remain pessimistic given concerns over massive overcapacity in the industry and aggressive destocking among the steel enterprises. The global iron ore market is currently at a huge surplus, as the demand from China’s steel sector has weakened considerably since 2015. Since China is the largest consumer of iron ore, the global demand is also expected to remain muted during 2016 and demand is expected to continue lagging behind the supply side. Despite weakness on the demand side, major overseas iron ore producers still plan to ramp up production levels in 2016, adding to the overabundance in global iron ore supply. Given the prevailing overcapacity situation, it is unlikely that iron ore prices will recover or increase significantly in the near term according to market analysis. In October 2015, a global financial institution reported that prices are predicted to fall below US$40 per tonne during the first half of 2016. The 13th Five-Year Plan (the “Plan”) for China’s steel industry was announced in late 2015. Riding on the 12th Five-Year Plan, the Plan continues to aim at easing overcapacity imbalances, strengthening industrial consolidation and enhancing environmental control with stricter operation measures. In addition, the Ministry of Industry and Information Technology of the PRC also expressed its plan on deploying a restructuring scheme to ease overcapacity in the steel industry. In late January 2016, measures have been cited by the Chinese Government to support the steel industry in resolving the persistent problem of overcapacity, including an annual investments of RMB100 billion in the coming four to five years to reduce production, cutting steel production capacity by 100-150 Mt and decreasing the number of steel companies from over 2,000 to a lesser number. These announcements came at a critical point as market participants seek for direction amid the industry’s shrinking margins. Given the unfavourable operating environment, management conducted strategic reviews for the Group’s business in 2015 while expecting the market conditions and operating environment to remain challenging looking forward. Management has proactively implemented and will continue to initiate various strategic plans to streamline its operations and rationalise assets for improving efficiency, economies of scale and cash flows. These will include initiatives to continue suspension on its loss- making production, scale back capacity, reduce headcounts, trim operating expenses and reduce investments. As previously guided, the Group will also continue to maintain its flexibility in all operational levels to cope with ever-changing market conditions, which include production volume adjustments according to order placements. On the other hand, the Group has intensified efforts to control costs, improve efficiency and minimise loss on operations. All these measures will continue to take effect to ensure that the Group’s processing plants and distribution business could operate in more efficient ways and on a more commercially viable basis over a longer term. In June 2015, management carried out a full scope review on its operating assets and recognised impairment losses on property, plant and equipment, intangible assets, goodwill and assets held for sale in the first half of 2015. Under the persistent weakening demand in the steel industry, the Group anticipates its processing plants will continue to operate at below optimal utilisation levels. Management has also evaluated if it could relocate or merge some of its facilities for better capacity utilisation or alternatively, it may close down part of its processing plants permanently. Specifically that, the entire production line of the Heigutian Processing Plant has since been closed down and classified as assets held for sale given its below optimal utilisation levels. While monitoring the fast-changing market conditions closely, assets rationalisation plans remain relevant in view of the difficult operating situation. In doing so, management will continue to assess utilisation rates at different levels, review its assets’ fair values, monitor its overall productivity and evaluate ways to optimise its mining rights. As China’s economy enters a “new normal” development stage, its GDP growth is expected to be stinted around 5% to 6%. The slower growth rate is a sign that China’s enormous economy has passed the ramping up stage and is beginning to mature. Such slowdown, together with the fluctuation of Renminbi, low inflation and low interest rates in the coming years, will have significant macroeconomic effects on China’s economy. Market environment for iron and steel producers will appear even more challenging, following the adjusted pace of the country’s development and growth. In face of this difficult operating environment, the Group will further tighten its credit control measures given the higher credit risks perceived in the industry and from its customers. Meanwhile, management will monitor the market conditions closely, manage working capital prudently, implement good cost control discipline and actively seek for alternative business opportunities which could pose better growth potential. Whilst the Group remains extremely cautious over the short-term outlook for the steel industry and iron ore market, it remains proactive in its management approach in implementing good cost control discipline, optimising assets utilisation and identifying business opportunities towards increasing profitability, improving efficiencies and preserving Shareholders’ value over a longer term amid the current market downturn, which the management believes it could be cyclical. 