Major indicators of the financial results for the years ended December 31, 2015 and 2014 are summarised in the table below: Year ended December 31, Revenue Gross loss Profit/(loss) for the year from continuing operations Loss for the year from discontinued operations Profit/(loss) for the year Profit/(loss) attributable to Owners of the Company Revenue Year ended Year ended December 31, December 31, Content production Internet-based promotion and distribution Entertainment e-commerce International operations Other operations Total In 2015, the Group recorded revenue of RMB263.7 million, an increase of 108.3% year-on-year. The increase in revenue resulted primarily from the contributions of Yueke, which we acquired in June 2015. Gross loss was RMB25.1 million, compared with RMB62.6 million in the previous year. Net profit attributable to the owners of the Company amounted to RMB466.0 million in 2015, compared with a loss of RMB417.3 million in 2014. The boost to the Group’s bottom line stemmed primarily from a net finance income of RMB882.8 million. In 2015, the Group reported results in five segments: (i) Content Production, (ii) Internet-based Promotion and Distribution, (iii) Entertainment E-commerce, (iv) International Operations, and (v) Other Operations. Segments (ii), (iii) and (iv) are the new businesses launched during the year. In 2015, the domestic movie industry continued to demonstrate strong growth momentum, with overall box office revenues increasing by approximately 48.7% to RMB44.1 billion, according to the State Administration of Radio, Film and Television. This growth rate showed a trend of acceleration, compared with growth rates of 36.2% and 27.5% in 2014 and 2013 respectively. As going to the cinema has become an ever more popular form of entertainment in Mainland China, the industry will continue to quickly develop and transform. Since the formation of Alibaba Pictures, we have been consistently updating and implementing our strategic initiatives to build a business operation that incorporates various critical components of the industry value chain, from financing and investment, content sourcing and production, internet-based promotion and distribution, cinema service provision to merchandise and fan-based economics. To achieve our goal, our management has pursued a strategy of expansion by business acquisitions. We believe this is an effective way to attain strategically important assets for our long-term development. In 2015, several major acquisitions were made, involving a cinema ticketing system provider, an online movie ticketing portal, and a C2B financing platform for entertainment related projects. In June 2015, the Group completed a full acquisition of Yueke, one of the largest suppliers of cinema ticketing systems in the PRC. At the end of 2015, Yueke supplies to more than 1,800 cinemas nationwide with local cinema ticketing systems, and connecting software for more than 30 mainstream online movie ticketing portals. As our national box office ticket sales continue to rise, we believe Yueke is in an attractive position to capture the market’s potential economics. Since the acquisition of Yueke, we have worked closely with its management to further enhance its operational profile. Not only are we looking to further increase the market share of its existing products, we are also working to expand Yueke’s service portfolio to offer more value-added services to the cinemas. The long history of Yueke’s collaboration with cinemas has resulted in it developing certain insights into cinema operations and management in the PRC. In December 2015, the Group acquired from AGHL two operating assets; an online ticketing business and Yulebao. Both assets serve critical functions on Alibaba Pictures’ integrated entertainment platform. Online ticketing has quickly become the leading method of purchasing movie tickets in China. In addition to ticket sales, online ticketing platform provides movie-related entertainment information and promotion, which will complement our existing offline marketing and distribution capabilities. Through this platform, the Group is able to reach a much larger and growing online user base, further enhancing our marketing and distribution power. From the increasing user actions on the platform, we expect to gain a better understanding of consumer behavior, which is critical in forming our business strategies. Yulebao was the first C2B financing platform for entertainment related projects. Its functions are being expanded to include more fan-based economics. In the future, it will not only offer the audience investment products, but also a wide range of entertainment related merchandise. By engaging producers, actors, viewers, and fans at the onset of production and throughout the content creation and distribution process, the Group will be able to better understand and evaluate user preferences to create more customized content, marketing campaigns and distribution plans. The Group’s focus in the near future will be to integrate these newly acquired assets and strengthen their respective businesses. Our management closely monitors their performances and identifies key areas for improvement. On a standalone basis, each of our acquired assets is expected to further develop its core competency and gain market share for its products or services. It is with strong components that our overall entertainment platform will flourish. Alibaba Pictures is committed to delivering high-quality entertainment content. We have the capabilities to source, evaluate, select, and produce our film and TV projects. In addition to our own production of movies and TV dramas, we selectively invest in various projects led by other major studios. As an increasing amount of variety and talents emerge in our industry, it is critical for us to procure co-investment opportunities for high-quality movie projects, for some of which we will participate not only as an investor but also as the marketing and distribution partner. Regarding our own productions, we have built a pipeline of upcoming releases. Ferry Man ( ), a film produced by Wong Kar Wai and starring popular actor Tony Leung, is expected to be released in the second half of 2016. The film is an adaptation of a popular short story written by Zhang Jiajia, who is also directing the film. Other major productions include Three Lives Three Worlds Ten Miles of Peach Blossom ( ) and The Heroic Age ( ), both of which will feature cutting edge special effects that deliver visual delights for our audiences. Another project, Return of the Pearl Princess ( ), will incorporate the story of a highly successful TV drama in the past and turn it into an animation film, directed by renowned actress/ director Zhao Wei. The Group recorded revenue of RMB55.5 million for our content production business in 2015, compared with RMB115.4 million in 2014. Segment loss was RMB106.1 million, up from RMB66.0 million in 2014. The increase was primarily attributed to the fact that most of our projects were still in development stage during the year. In 2015, we provided promotion and distribution services for films such as Tiny Times 4 ( 4： ), Mission: Impossible – Rogue Nation ( 5： ), and The Third Way of Love ( ). Through these projects our team has gained valuable experiences and established a solid track record. Over the years, the rise of mobile apps and online social networks has made the internet an important channel for the promotion and distribution of movies. During the reporting year, the Group made substantial progress in building an integrated O2O competence, adding two important assets – online movie ticketing portal and Yueke – to our existing business. The integration of the newly acquired assets will broaden the reach of our promotion and distribution functions. We believe that Alibaba Group’s existing massive online user base can only add to our online movie ticketing portal’s advantages. The combination of online and offline capabilities makes us a total solution provider for entertainment content promotion and distribtution. Given multiple channels of data feedback from the on-the-ground team, the online ticketing portal and the cinemas through Yueke, we are able to develop more efficient and comprehensive promotion campaigns to attract viewers’ interests and ultimately enhance box office performances of our projects. In terms of financial results, our internet-based promotion and distribution business line generated RMB136.3 million of revenue in 2015 (2014: nil), primarily from Yueke. The segment profit was RMB21.9 million (2014: nil), partly impacted by our project related marketing and distribution expenses. Going forward, we expect to commit the necessary financial resources to our online ticketing portal to further enhance its user experience and increase its market position. Our entertainment e-commerce segment now consists of two main functions – C2B financing for entertainment projects and merchandising. IP-centric merchandise is a natural play for the Group because on the one hand, our content production and distribution businesses are able to generate or bring intellectual assets that can potentially transfer to other physical products, and on the other hand, our online merchandising know-how and resources inherited from Alibaba Group give us significant advantages in building this business line. We are currently assembling an IP product databank and will selectively open pilot sales outlets on first-rate web-based platforms. Yulebao, which serves as a C2B financing platform for entertainment related projects, was fully acquired from Alibaba Group on December 31, 2015. Through Yulebao, the general public can invest in selected movie or TV drama productions. This enables Yulebao to provide an alternative source of funding for some of our projects, beyond the Group’s own working capital. Although the individual investment amounts need not be large, having a stake heightens investors’ interest in these projects. We intend to continue to create more functions in Yulebao to reward its investors. As our merchandise business was in its infancy and the Yulebao acquisition was completed on December 31, 2015, the Group’s entertainment e-commerce business line recorded RMB2.8 million in revenue (2014: nil) and RMB1.7 million in segment profit in 2015 (2014: nil). The Group’s office in Los Angeles, USA, has been in operation since the second quarter of 2015. Our participation in Paramount Pictures’ Mission: Impossible – Rogue Nation marked the beginning of our collaborations with major Hollywood studios. The contributions from this Hollywood blockbuster, whose worldwide box office reached US$682 million, brought our International Operations business line’s revenue to RMB68.7 million (2014: nil) and segment profit to RMB6.9 million in 2015 (2014: nil). We will continue to selectively invest in international projects, as partnering with global talents on industry- leading projects is a cornerstone of our development strategy. In late 2015, we announced our involvement in REAL, a Korean production for which we hold the exclusive distribution rights for the PRC market. Headquartered in China, the world’s second largest box office market, we expect cross-border collaboration opportunities to accelerate in the coming years. As seen in the strong box office growth in recent years, public demand for entertainment content in the PRC is on a rising trend. Meeting this demand will require increasingly higher content quality and variety. In our productions, we use talents which are both domestic and international, as well as those that are established and fledgling, with the goal to spark creative ideas and deliver innovative products. In addition to our own productions, we are constantly sourcing and evaluating investment opportunities in IPs, film and TV projects, and corporates along the industry value chain. 2016 looks to be another fruitful year in our strategic journey. During the year ended December 31, 2015, the Group recorded revenue of RMB263.7 million, compared with RMB126.6 million in 2014. The increase in revenue was mainly due to the contribution from Yueke. Net profit attributable to the owners of the Company for the year 2015 amounted to RMB466.0 million, up significantly from the net loss of RMB417.3 million in 2014. The year-on-year increase was caused by a net finance income of RMB882.8 million, comprising foreign exchange gains and interest income. For the year ended December 31, 2015, earnings per share (basic and diluted) for the Group amounted to RMB1.99 cents, up from a loss per share of RMB2.78 cents in 2014. Selling, marketing and administrative expenses for 2015 were RMB389.5 million, compared with approximately RMB157.9 million in 2014. The increase is attributable to employee benefit expenses related to higher headcounts across multiple functions, as well as share option issuances to attract a number of critical management personnel. In 2015, the Group recorded finance income of RMB894.1 million, offset in part by finance expenses of RMB11.3 million. Our finance income is strongly correlated to our cash balance, which is held in multiple currencies. As our functional currency of the Company and certain subsidiaries is RMB, some of our cash reserves in foreign currencies contributed foreign exchange gains which made up a majority of our finance income. As of December 31, 2015, the Group had cash reserves equivalent to RMB12.8 billion in multiple currencies. In June 2015, the Group completed an issuance of almost 4.2 billion new shares at HKD2.9 each. This share placement generated net proceeds of approximately HKD12.1 billion for the Group. Our significant cash reserves give us the financial means to undertake a variety of business initiatives and projects in the near future. At the end of 2015, the Group had no long-term debt obligations, only short-term borrowings of RMB1.98 billion. As at December 31, 2015, the Group’s gearing ratio (net borrowings deducting cash and bank balances over total equity) was nil (2014: nil). The Group holds its cash reserves in RMB, USD and HKD. Although most of our revenue, production costs and management expenses are denominated in RMB, many of our investment opportunities and collaborations with studios outside Mainland China require foreign currencies. We continue to monitor our capital needs closely and manage our foreign currency exposure accordingly. As of December 31, 2015, the Group did not have any charge on assets (2014: nil). As of December 31, 2015, the Group did not have any material contingent liability (2014: nil). By the end of 2015, the Group, including its subsidiaries but excluding its associates, had 343 employees (2014: 209). The remuneration policies of the Group are based on the prevailing market levels and performance of the respective group companies and individual employees. These policies are reviewed on a regular basis. 