Basic earnings per share (RMB) Diluted earnings per share (RMB) Inventory turnover period (Days) Trade receivable turnover period (Days) Trade payable turnover period (Days) Gearing ratio (Total borrowings divided by total assets) Interest coverage (Profit from operations divided by finance costs) Annual Report 2015 Profit for the year attributable to Equity attributable to owners During the year under review, revenue increased by 6% to RMB2,969.03 million (2014: RMB2,811.87 million). The Group’s gross profit decreased by 7% to RMB896.20 million for the year ended 31 December 2015 (2014: RMB962.69 million). The overall gross profit margin is 30% in 2015 (2014: 34%). The other income of the Group amounted to RMB145.19 million (2014: RMB104.60 million) which was mainly comprised of interest income, dividend income, government grants and refund of value-added tax. In 2015, the Group’s operating expenses amounted to RMB524.88 million (2014: RMB485.68 million) and accounted for 18% of the Group’s turnover in 2015, representing an increase of 1% as compared with 17% in 2014. For the year ended 31 December 2015, the Group’s finance costs amounted to RMB25.39 million (2014: RMB28.87 million). The decrease was attributable to the adjustment of the mix of bank borrowings and the reduction of interest rate of variable-rate borrowings during the year. Earnings before finance costs and tax for the year ended 31 December 2015 amounted to RMB495.06 million (2014: RMB570.42 million), representing a decrease of 13% as compared with last year. The profit attributable to equity shareholders of the Company for the year ended 31 December 2015 decreased by 12% to RMB423.53 million (2014: RMB482.44 million) as compared with last year. Annual Report 2015 On 5 May 2015, the Company entered into a placing agreement under which the placing agents have agreed to place up to 68,000,000 existing ordinary shares of the Company at a price of HK$10.80 per share. 61,000,000 new ordinary shares were issued in the share placement. The net proceeds from the share placement after deducting the commission and expenses of the placement payable by the Company amounted to approximately HK$645 million, in which HK$385 million will be applied for the construction of the new production base of the ADO business, HK$130 million will be used for potential mergers and acquisitions in relation to ADO and the remaining HK$130 million for research and development. On 1 June 2015, the Company entered into a subscription agreement with International Finance Corporation (“IFC”) pursuant to which IFC agreed to subscribe 14,000,000 new ordinary shares of the Company at a price of HK$10.80 per share. The net proceeds from the share subscription amounted to approximately HK$148 million will be applied for the Company’s development in the ADO business and as general working capital of the Company. During the year ended 31 December 2015, certain employee has also exercised 30,000 share options at an exercise price of HK$3.20. In light of the above, the Company’s issued shares increased from 951,851,675 as at 31 December 2014 to 1,026,881,675 as at 31 December 2015. The Group’s primary sources of working capital and long-term funding needs have been cash flows from operation and financing activities. As at 31 December 2015, the Group’s current assets amounted to approximately RMB4,760.47 million (2014: RMB3,514.95 million), with cash and cash equivalents totaling approximately RMB1,171.84 million (2014: RMB327.43 million). As at 31 December 2015, the Group’s total bank loans amounted to approximately RMB877.09 million (2014: RMB750.64 million), of which RMB300.84 million (2014: RMB503.00 million) will be due to repay within one year and the remaining RMB576.25 million (2014: RMB247.64 million) will be due after one year. As at 31 December 2014, the net book value of the Group’s pledged assets for the bank loans was RMB158.21 million (2015: Nil). In 2015, the interest rate for the Group’s bank borrowings ranged from 1.44% to 4.35% per annum (2014: 1.17% to 9.23% per annum). The gearing ratio (total borrowings divided by total assets) decreased from 13% in 2014 to 12% in Most of the businesses of the Group are settled in Renminbi while businesses in foreign currencies are mainly settled in USD. The fluctuation of exchange rate of both currencies will have certain impact on the Group’s business which are settled in foreign currencies. During the year, the Group did not enter into any foreign exchange forward contracts or other hedging instruments to hedge against fluctuations. As at 31 December 2015, the Group had 4,189 (2014: 4,153) staff members. The staff costs (including other benefits and contributions to defined contribution retirement plan) amounted to RMB279.24 million (2014: RMB279.47 million) in 2015. Employee remuneration is determined on performance, experience and prevailing market conditions of the employees, with compensation policies being reviewed on a regular basis. The aggregate amount of the emoluments of the Company’s directors was RMB4.07 million (2014: RMB3.75 million) in 2015. The Group’s employees in the PRC have enrolled in the mandatory central pension scheme operated by the State. The Group also provides housing allowances and benefits for medicine, employment injury and retirement for its staff in the PRC in accordance with the relevant PRC rules and regulations. The directors of the Company (the “Directors”) confirm that the Group has fulfilled its obligations under the relevant PRC employment laws. The Group also set up the Mandatory Provident Fund Scheme for the employees in Hong Kong. The Company has established a share option scheme to recognise and acknowledge the contributions made or will be made to the Group by the eligible participants. The purpose of the scheme is to encourage the eligible participants to continue their contribution. The eligible participants include any full-time or part-time employees, executives, officers, Directors (including executive, non-executive and independent non-executive Directors), advisers, consultants, suppliers and agents of the Company or any of its subsidiaries or invested entities, and any person who, in the opinion of the board of directors of the Company, will contribute to the Group or have done so. The existing share option scheme has been expired on 25 November 2015 and a new share option scheme will be proposed for shareholders’ approval in the forthcoming annual general meeting. On 28 January 2015, the Group completed the acquisition of 64% equity interest of Hunan Lineng Technology Co., Ltd. (“Lineng Technology”) from an independent third party at a consideration of RMB6,400,000. On 5 August 2015, the Group further acquired from the non-controlling interests for the remaining 36% equity interest in Lineng Technology at a consideration of RMB3,600,000. Lineng Technology is principally engaged in manufacturing, developing and selling energy saving devices that used in power stations and oil rigs. The acquisition enables the Group to broaden its energy saving product range. As at 31 December 2015, the pledge deposits are denominated in Renminbi and Hong Kong dollars and are pledged to banks as security for bills facilities granted to the Group. In addition, the Group’s land and buildings are pledged to banks as security for bank loans to the Group. As at 31 December 2015, the capital commitments in respect of the acquisition of property, plant and equipment and additions of construction in progress contracted for but not provided in the consolidated financial information amounted to RMB70.63 million (2014: RMB126.48 million). Annual Report 2015 As at 31 December 2015, the Group had no material contingent liabilities. Chinese economy has entered a period of new normal since 2015 with a GDP growth of 6.9% and smaller growth drivers for exports, investments and consumptions. Given the slowdown in microeconomic growth, especially in the fourth quarter, and the continued RMB depreciation which brought unexpected foreign exchange loss to a number of Chinese corporations, the business environment in China became difficult. Nevertheless, the Chinese government has shown definite and clear determination in developing clean energy and implementing long term power reform policies. During the year under review, State Grid completed RMB535.6 billion of investment targets among which RMB452.1 billion was invested in power grid development. In the meantime, the development of smart cities in China had been accelerating. During the 12th Five Year Plan, investment in constructing smart cities reached RMB500 billion, driving the demand for the overall use of all kinds of information technology and products. During the year, “Four-in-one Data Collection System” project had been started to support the construction of smart cities, which stimulated the demand for corresponding systems and smart water, heat and gas meters. After the announcement of “Opinions regarding the Deepening of the Power Sector’s Reform” ( ) as well as other related ancillary documents by State Council of China in March 2015, National Development and Reform Commission (“NDRC”) together with National Energy Administration (“NEA”) jointly announced the “Guiding Opinions on Advancing Smart Grid Development” ( ) in July, and NEA issued “Guiding Opinions on Promoting New Energy Micro-Grid Demonstration Projects Construction” ( ) and “Action Plan for the Construction of Reform of Distribution Power Grid (2015–2020)” ( (2015–2020 ) ) in July and August respectively, creating a much clearer development blueprint for China’s power market. In the meantime, Chinese government had been actively promoting the “One Belt One Road” strategy and signed cooperation agreements including power business with numerous countries which helped establishing a strong export platform for Chinese corporates. The market impacts from the above measures are yet to be reflected, but they serve as good proof of government’s support towards the industry and its determination in creating a suitable development environment. In face of the change in Chinese macroeconomics and future market opportunities, during the year under review, the Group devoted much effort on balancing risks and opportunities for all three key business segments in order to achieve steady growth in an active and cautious manner. During the year under review, the Group recorded a total turnover of RMB2,969.03 million (2014: RMB2,811.87 million), representing an increase of 6% year-over-year. Due to the unfavorable macroeconomic situation, the Group recorded a net profit of RMB423.53 million (2014: RMB482.44 million). In view of the changes in macroeconomic environment, the Group adopted a series of solutions in order to secure short term results and long term development during the year under review. Advanced Metering Infrastructure (“AMI”) AMI provided by the Group is a technology platform consists of smart meter, data collection terminal and communication, and smart metering system integration and services, with which customers can use the information provided by the system to change their normal consumption patterns to save energy, reduce losses and take advantage of lower prices. The Group’s AMI business can be subdivided into AMI power business and AMI water, gas and heat business, which addresses a wider spectrum of customers’ needs ranging from power grid companies, water companies to industrial and commercial clients. AMI business constitutes a fundamental part of the Group. With our integrated strengths and strong experience, the Group continued to maintain a leading position in the AMI industry during the reviewing year. The turnover of AMI business during the year under review recorded a growth of 1% to RMB1,688.90 million (2014: RMB1,677.04 million) and accounting for 57% (2014: 60%) of the Group’s total revenue. During the year under review, benefited from China’s active promotion of water escalating pricing and one-household-one-meter, AMI water business of the Group recorded a strong growth of 23% as compared with last year to RMB173.30 million. Currently, the Group has entered into the smart water meters solutions tender list of another 53 city level water companies. Smart Meter (“SM”) During the year under review, with our comprehensive strengths in branding, technology, market size, quality, business scale and management, the Group continued to be a solid market leader in winning tenders from State Grid Corporation of China (hereinafter referred to as “State Grid”) and China Southern Power Grid Co., Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “Southern Grid”). During 2015, State Grid organized three tenders and the Group successfully won RMB1,082.35 million contracts, of which RMB777.84 million was the contract value for smart meters. The Group continued to be in a leading position in Southern Grid’s tenders by winning a total contract value of RMB95.69 million in the reviewing year. During the year under review, the revenue from SM amounted to RMB853.52 million (2014: RMB824.48 million), representing an increase of 4% as compared with last year and accounting for 29% (2014: 29%) of the Group’s total revenue. Advanced Distribution Operations (“ADO”) ADO service provided by the Group comprises of smart distribution devices (“SDD”), smart distribution solutions (“SDS”) and efficient and effective solutions (EES). Driven in a large part by smart grid initiatives in China, the Group’s ADO business can, on one hand provide premium quality smart power distribution products as well as solutions to its power company customers, and on the other hand provide customers from high-end industries such as new energy power generation, railway and transportation, hospitals and high-end commercial buildings, oil and petrochemicals and data centres with smart distribution and energy efficiency management solutions in order to assist customers in developing a new 4S+ generation of power distribution system which refers to higher Safety, more energy Saving, Smarter and better Service. Annual Report 2015 During the year under review, the newly established Wasion Electric Industry Park further enhanced the technology and service quality of ADO business. Upon its completion, Wasion Electric Industry Park will be one of the most professional technology park in the ADO industry in Central China with the most leading technology, biggest operation scale, most comprehensive systems and product series and most advanced equipment. Upholding the strategy to be the technology leader, the Group intensified the research on smart grid, energy saving and emission reduction, and clean energy during the year under review to target the new industry policies on the grid development and energy structural adjustment in China. In terms of smart power distribution grid, the Group successfully made a breakthrough in the core technologies of new type fault detection, isolation system and responsive self-healing systems for power distribution grid. During the year under review, the turnover from ADO business was RMB426.61 million (2014: RMB310.36 million), representing a year-over-year growth of 37% and accounting for 14% (2014: 11%) of the Group’s total revenue. During the year under review, the Group achieved certain breakthroughs in international market. By leveraging its brand and capabilities built over the years in overseas market, the contract sum procured by the Group in traditional markets increased steadily. And by leveraging with its cooperation with Siemens, the Group gained sizeable contracts in Mexico and successfully entered into Brazilian market. While working on further cooperation with Siemens, the Group has kicked start some technological cooperation projects with other international leaders. The new cooperation further enhances the Group’s technologies for systems and solutions and serves as an important foundation for new market exploration. During the year under review, the Group’s international business recorded significant growth, with turnover reaching RMB303.26 million, representing a 146% year-over-year growth. The Group has been working strenuously in the research and development of know-how of every single AMI and ADO product in order to grasp market demand and technology development in the industry. During the year under review, the Group’s investment in the research and development accounted for 7% of its operating revenue with 129 patents for its new products and energy saving services and 127 patents for its software received. The number of effective patents for new products and energy saving services increased to 689 and 498 respectively. In terms of AMI, the Group continued to have in-depth research on power meters, smart power consumption and energy efficiency management, terminal communication as well as water, gas and heat meters, and have launched various systems with industry leading technologies based on the new standards on energy consumption monitoring and centralised data collection technology established by the Chinese government and power grid companies. They are expected to bring significant contribution after the full application of the new standards. In terms of ADO, the Group tailor-made different solutions according to the needs of different clients with a focus on primary and secondary power equipment integration, integration technology of hardware and software as well as energy data and service technology which can totally secure power safety and increase power supply reliability and power consumption quality. According to macro data, the growth of China economy will further slowdown in the future bringing heavier pressure and more uncertainties to the operating environment. Yet the prospects for the Group’s related industries including smart grid, smart power distribution, and energy efficiency management and advanced metering infrastructure remain promising according to the favorable development plan launched by the Chinese government and power grid companies. Eye on the development of the whole energy market, NDRC, NEA and Ministry of Industry and Information Technology jointly announced “Guiding Opinions on Promoting the Development of “Internet Plus” Smart Energy” ( + ) which declared the development route for the Internet of Energy in the coming decade in February 2016. The Internet of Energy is a new shape of the energy industry representing the in-depth integration of internet and energy generation, transmission, storage, consumption and the energy market. Among which, the development of power data collection, energy efficiency management, distributed power storage, remote automated data collection for water, gas, heat and power, all meters in one, are all closely related to the Group’s business. In terms of power grid, “Guiding Opinions on Advancing Smart Grid Development” jointly announced by NDRC and NEA in July 2015, outlined the target to preliminarily establish the smart power grid system by early 2020 for achieving comprehensive allocation of energy generation and consumption, as well as pushing forward clean energy and distributed energy for building a safe, highly efficient, clean, modern and secured energy system. “Action Plan for the Construction of Reform of Distribution Power Grid (2015–2020) “ (2015–2020 ) announced by NEA in August clearly stated the need to establish a city-country- coordinated, safe and reliable, highly economical efficient, technological advanced and environmental- friendly distribution network facilities and service systems with the aim of providing welfare, pulling in investments, improving manufacturing standards as well as supporting the energy interconnection and Internet Plus development. The stated notional investment amount on distribution network development was no less than RMB2 trillion. “Guiding Opinions about Accelerating the Construction and Reform of Power Distribution Grid” ( ) later announced by NEA emphasized the importance of solving the problems related to weak and fragile China power distribution network, enhancing the ability for new energy connection, pushing forward the facilities upgrade and technological innovations to speed up the development of modern distribution network and service systems. Annual Report 2015 Concurrently, China will utilize the foundation of smart cities construction in 12th Five Year Plan to accelerate the promotion of the concept of smart city to different places, continuously stimulating every industry that can enhance the intelligence and informatization of cities, including high-end energy data collection systems and smart water, gas and heat meters. Under the support of the favorable policies, the development of China smart grid and Internet of Energy and also the construction of smart cities will reach its peak in the near future, bringing a bright and promising future for the related industries. To better seize this historical opportunity, the Group has established a series of development strategies and will adopt a flexible pace to match with market changes in achieving stable and sustainable development. In terms of AMI business, according to “Implementing Opinions about Accelerating Energy Development and Construction in Poor Regions from Poverty” ( ) announced by NEA, full power coverage in rural area can be achieved by 2020 which translates into huge demand for the Group’s various smart metering products and systems. On the other hand, the market outlook of total solution which supports micro grid and the monitoring and analysis of big data on power is prosperous and the Group will develop relative business proactively. The development of power distribution grid is one important measure under China’s determination in improving power quality and promoting efficient energy management, which again is the future development focus for the power industry. The Group has been actively developing and expanding its ADO business for the past 2 years and is able to enjoy some first mover advantage. ADO market is still at startup stage which is very fragmented, and the lack of market leader gives the Group much room for development. Upon the commencement of operation of Wasion Electric Industry Park, the research and development, integration, intellectualization and systemization of the Group’s ADO business is expected to be more centralized which is beneficial for improving the business all-rounded competence in ADO business. While developing AMI and ADO markets, the Group will continue to maintain its market leading position in smart metering market. Market expects State Grid will attain 100% coverage rate for its smart metering in the coming year and will kick start meter replacement right after. The Group will stay close to the development of State Grid, and to maintain its market share by high standard products. In terms of international markets, the Group will leverage on its strategic cooperation with international industry leaders such as Siemens and Huawei, to actively participate in the AMI transformation projects of different counties; and through Siemens to swiftly push forward its comprehensive smart metering business development in American market. For Asia, Africa and Latin America, the Group will focus on developing its own brand and channels construction, and to increase market penetration through current customer base. The Group believes innovations, research and development form the strong foundation for long term development of any technology companies, and that underlies our commitment in devoting resources in research and development for inventing market leading technological breakthroughs and to become the provider of quality products and services. In the future, the Group will continue to fine-tune and upgrade its existing products and system technology based on market demand and national standards; and to strengthen its research and development capabilities by working side-by-side with industry experts and famous talents for building a solid foundation for future energy market development. In the future, facing numerous market opportunities and variable macroeconomic environment, the Group will adhere closely with its corporate vision of “Continual Innovation Contributing to Wasion’s Centennial History” to continue to develop its business at steady pace and to gradually build up its international leading position. 