Net profit contribution attributable to equity holders of the Company from the As of December As of December We are engaged in IT business through our subsidiary Lenovo. Lenovo is a Fortune 500 company which develops, manufactures and sells high-end technology products and provides related services to the consumers and corporate customers. As of December 31, 2015, we held 30.91% equity interests in Lenovo. In 2015, the macro-economy and global markets remained challenging along with currency fluctuations. These factors affected overall consumer demand which led to a continued decline in the PC and tablet markets and slower growth of the worldwide smartphone market. Amidst these market challenges, Lenovo managed to deliver solid profit growth from its businesses driven by well executed strategies and decisive actions for business realignment. During the reporting period, Lenovo continued to build a more balanced product portfolio to drive balanced growth. During the reporting period, the revenue and net (loss)/profit of the IT segment are set out as follows: Net (loss)/profit attributable to equity holders of During the reporting period, revenue of our IT segment increased by 8% year-on-year to RMB293,255 million, which is mainly due to the additional revenue as a result of Lenovo’s integration of System X and Motorola’s business. We recorded a loss of RMB1,330 million in our IT segment, which is mainly due to restructuring costs of approximately RMB3,728 million and one-time charges (including additional spending to clear smartphone inventories and inventories write off) of approximately RMB2,017 million. PC Business Group (PCG) During the reporting period, the global PC industry continued to decline due to macro-economic issues and currency fluctuations. Despite the market challenges, Lenovo continued to outperform the PC market through solid execution of its strategy to reach record-high global market share and further solidified its number one position. Lenovo’s market share continued to increase, and its worldwide PC market share reached another record-high level of 21.6% in the fourth quarter of 2015, according to preliminary industry estimates. Mobile Business Group (MBG) The business realignment plan of Lenovo in the second quarter of its fiscal year 2015/16 was on track. Lenovo’s mobile business achieved its first-time operational breakeven in the fourth quarter of 2015 after its acquisition of Motorola Mobile, helped by the improved efficiency and lower cost structure resulting from its recent business realignment actions. Lenovo’s market share in the worldwide smartphone market was 5.1%, maintaining its number four position worldwide in the fourth quarter of 2015, according to the preliminary industry estimates. To address the softer demand amid fierce competition in the China smartphone market, Lenovo has refined its strategy and focused on expansion into markets outside of China. As a result, Lenovo has built a more diverse geographical mix, in which the proportion of sales from markets outside of China increased to 83%. Meanwhile, Lenovo has launched a wide range of new products, including Moto X Force that has an innovative shatterproof screen, and wearable product Moto 360 sport. These new products have received good market reviews and strong early momentum. Lenovo’s worldwide tablet market share was 4.8% in the fourth quarter of 2015, according to preliminary industry estimates. Enterprise Business Group (EBG) As the number three worldwide server player, Lenovo’s enterprise business continued to demonstrate healthy revenue growth and remained operationally profitable. Lenovo has demonstrated good momentum in new accounts acquisitions, especially in China, in which it was successful in acquiring new hyperscale clients. Lenovo continued to build a solid foundation for its ecosystem business during the reporting period, with an objective to create a new and unique user experience for Lenovo’s product users. The ECS team continued to demonstrate strong achievements during the period and its monthly active user number has reached 150 million. Looking forward, Lenovo is seeing the benefits as a result of its strategic actions. Despite the current challenging market environment, the efficient organization structure, coupled with competitive cost structure across all of its businesses, together with its solid execution, position Lenovo well to sustain its growth. Lenovo will continue to invest in areas it believes are important to its future success. Lenovo remains fully committed to its “protect and attack” strategy, supported by its well proven execution capabilities, to lead Lenovo on its ongoing journey towards building a respected global tech leadership position in every business Lenovo enters and to drive profitable growth that, in turn, creates better value for shareholders. We conduct financial services business mainly through diversified subsidiaries and associates: Zhengqi Financial, our subsidiary, mainly provides direct loans, credit guarantees, pawn loans, financial leasing, entrusted loans and other emerging financial services; JC Finance & Leasing, our subsidiary, mainly provides financial leasing and operating leasing services; Lakala, our associate, mainly provides third-party payment and relevant value-added and financial services; Hankou Bank, our associate, mainly provides commercial banking services; Union Insurance, our associate, mainly provides insurance brokerage and related services; Suzhou Trust, our associate, mainly engages in the trust business. We believe that there is great potential for development in the financial industry in light of the macro environment and continuous deepening of financial reform in China. Participation of private capital in the financial industry enjoys greater opportunities than challenges. The future development in the industry is mainly fueled by: 1) tremendous and unfulfilled financing needs from small and medium enterprises and individuals, 2) demands for comprehensive financial products including insurance, investment and consumer related services, brought by an ageing population and emerging middle class in China, 3) demands for convenient financial services brought by changes in consumption habits of the younger generation, and 4) opportunities to launch new businesses driven by technology innovation in such areas as the Internet, the mobile Internet and big data through both online and offline platforms. Based on our understandings of the above and our well-established reputation and brand, our subsidiaries and associates have obtained various financial licenses and permits since 2009 and establish a broad presence in China’s financial industry. Our diverse product and service offerings enable us to quickly capture both conventional and innovative financial service opportunities. We will continuously experiment with financial innovation, and optimize the scope and efficiency of our financial services platforms in order to provide our customers with all-round, convenient and safe “one-stop” financial services. We facilitate the long-term development of our portfolio companies in the financial industry by providing them with all-round supports. We also help them rapidly achieve better financial performance in the short term, and to maintain persistent, healthy and rapid growth: through ways such as equity investments and loan guarantees to financial institutions, we provide funding supports for these companies, and help them develop innovative financing approaches in order to improve their financing capability; based on a large pool of our portfolio and customer resources, we promote synergy of our financial businesses, including business alignment and consolidation, intelligence sharing, big data analysis for the enhancement of overall risk management capability and competitiveness; in the meantime, we assist our portfolio companies to effectively promote their corporate governance, and improve their incentive schemes, which we believe could effectively attract and retain high quality financial professionals. During the reporting period, the revenue and net profit of the financial services segment are set out as follows: Net profit attributable to equity holders of During the reporting period, revenue of our financial services segment was RMB905 million, representing a decrease of 31% as compared to RMB1,318 million in the same period of last year. If excluding the accounting effect of not consolidating Union Insurance starting from this reporting period, there was an increase of 25%. Net profit of our financial services segment was RMB1,013 million, representing a decrease of 6% as compared to RMB1,080 million in the same period of last year, mainly due to a substantial decrease in non-recurring income of the segment including our equity interests disposal and equity dilution gains in associates during the reporting period. After eliminating such impacts of non-recurring income, the net profit of our financial services segment increased by approximately 15% as compared with the corresponding period last year. Aside from strengthening its conventional core businesses, Zhengqi Financial, our subsidiary, also rigorously cultivates new core businesses in 2015. It provides customized funding solutions and convenient and flexible financial services for small and medium enterprises. Zhengqi Financial has also developed various funding channels by issuing micro-credit asset-backed securities, financial leasing asset- backed securities and corporate bonds, established comparative advantage among its peers. During the reporting period, Zhengqi Financial has realized 23% revenue growth and 35% profit growth, which has demonstrated its forward-looking strategical insight, strong execution through adjustments, and outstanding operations; As of December 31, 2015, Lakala, our associate, authorized more than 2.5 million of POS terminals in more than 300 cities nationwide, covering 2.7 million merchants and 100 million individual users. It also established strategic partnership with China UnionPay and more than 50 banks. Lakala processed over RMB1.6 trillion transaction volumes for the year 2015, representing an increase of over 300% as compared to 2014, in which the transaction amount of card acceptance business was over RMB900 billion, positioning it at the forefront of the industry. Lakala has transformed from an internet-based payment company to a comprehensive financial service group, which has huge potential for future business development and value growth. Zhengqi Financial was established in 2012. As of December 31, 2015, we held 92.00% equity interests in Zhengqi Financial. In 2015, Zhengqi Financial further expanded its market share and established two new subsidiaries in commercial factoring and internet finance. Currently, through its nine major business lines consisting of micro finance, credit guarantees, pawn loans, financial leasing, commercial factoring, equity investments, asset management, capital markets business and P2P internet finance, Zhengqi Financial provides customized funding solutions and convenient and flexible financial services to SMEs. During the reporting period, Zhengqi Financial further expanded its business and achieve rapid growth in scale. Zhengqi Financial focuses on recognizing the needs and value of its clients, proving overall funding solutions including short and long term debts, mezzanine investments and equity investments, through active configuration of its nine major business lines. It also provides comprehensive financial services such as management consulting, financial advisory, M&A and restructuring solutions. During the reporting period, Zhengqi Financial helped various high quality clients to conduct industrial M&A, pre-IPO financial enhancement, disposal of distressed assets and other businesses through overall solutions. For example, after providing years of services, Zhengqi Financial has become a shareholder of Anhui Yuan He Tang Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. ( ) (NEEQS: 833379), that has been listed for trading on the NEEQS, contributing rapid equity value gain for Zhengqi Financial. In similar cases, Zhengqi Financial also invested in other high quality clients planning to be listed. Looking forward, this unique business model is expected to become another important source of profit aside from Zhengqi Financial’s conventional loan business. Zhengqi Financial has continued to expand its loan business and has consistently optimized its business structure. As of December 31, 2015, its outstanding balance of direct loans and pawn loans amounted to RMB3,088 million, representing an increase of RMB328 million or 12% as compared to RMB2,760 million at the end of 2014. Its outstanding balance of entrusted loan amounted to RMB1,586 million, representing an increase of RMB173 million or 12% as compared to RMB1,413 million at the end of 2014. During the reporting period, Zhengqi Financial strengthened its leading position in microfinance business in Anhui Province and started to gradually expand into market outside the province. As of December 31, 2015, the aggregated outstanding balance of microcredit of Hefei Guozheng Microcredit Co., Limited ( ) and Shenzhen Chengzheng Microcredit Co., Limited ( ) amounted to RMB2,538 million, representing an increase of RMB366 million or 17% as compared to RMB2,172 million at the end of 2014. Ever since Zhengqi Financial established its financial leasing business in the second half of 2013, by improving its capability in providing professional services, cooperation with underlying asset provider and recognition of potential clients, the financial leasing business of Zhengqi Financial has achieved rapid growth. As of December 31, 2015, the outstanding balance of lease receivables of the financial leasing business amounted to RMB1,997 million, representing an increase of RMB1,167 million or 141% as compared to RMB830 million at the end of 2014. Zhengqi Financial actively developed the credit guarantee business and expanded into the litigation guarantee sector in the second half of 2015, which achieved breakthroughs within a short time. As of December 31, 2015, the outstanding balance of credit guarantee amounted to RMB4,530 million, representing an increase of RMB484 million or 12% as compared to RMB4,046 million at the end of 2014. In June 2015, Zhengqi Financial established Anhui Weiyuan Financial Information Services Company Limited ( ) that engages in operating Zhengqi Financial’s internet finance strategic platform Qilerong ( ). Qilerong was officially launched on October 28, 2015. As of December 31, 2015, its number of registered users was 17,203. Qilerong is dedicated to providing professional, transparent, safe and profitable internet finance services for SMEs and individual users and to becoming a top-tier internet finance services platform with market influence, creditability, innovative insight and competitiveness. In September 2015, Zhengqi Financial established Zhengqi International Commercial Factoring Company Limited ( ) which provides receivables factoring business to core enterprises and the upstream and downstream companies across their supply chain. As of December 31, 2015, the outstanding balance of commercial factoring amounted to RMB163 million. With great market volume and rapid growth potential, such business will have greater contribution to Zhengqi Financial’s development in the future. During the reporting period, Zhengqi Financial expanded its funding channels and developed innovative funding methods. In March 2015, the first tranche of asset-backed securities of Guozhen Microcredit was listed on the Shanghai Stock Exchange, which was the first and the fourth asset-backed securities of microcredit in Anhui Province and in China respectively that listed on the Shanghai Stock Exchange after the new policy1 of asset securitization by the China Securities Regulatory Commission. In June 2015, the first tranche of leasing asset- backed securities special project of Zhengqi Leasing was set up on the Shanghai Stock Exchange and was the first securitization project of leasing assets in Anhui and the fifth on the Shanghai Stock Exchange after the new policy. In September 2015, “Zhengqi Bond” of Zhengqi Financial was publicly issued in Shanghai Stock Exchange and became the first corporate bond of private financial institutions in Anhui, overtaking its domestic peers. In January 2016, the issuance of Zhengqi Financial’s first tranche of corporate bonds 2016 was approved by the China Securities Regulatory Commission and the issuance was completed in March 2016. Currently, Zhengqi Financial has various funding sources including banking facilities, trusts, insurance companies, asset securitization and issuance of corporate bonds. In general, Zhengqi Financial possesses comparative advantages among its peers in relation to funding capability with effective channels and low funding cost. In 2015, under a macro environment with continuing slowdown of economic growth, growing challenges for SMEs and the downward market interest rates, Zhengqi Financial enhanced the system infrastructure of risk control and adopted and strengthened various risk management approaches in order to keep overall risks under control. Meanwhile, Zhengqi Financial reinforced its analysis and judgement on the macro-economy so as to take proactive structural adjustments to the businesses. In addition, Zhengqi Financial took the initiative to expand into capital markets business since the second half of 2014 and 2015, allowing it to elevate its profitability through various approaches. Securities Company and Fund Management Company Subsidiaries Assets Securitization Business Management Regulations ( ) and its relevant rules and the Administrative Measures for the Issuance and Trading of Corporate Bonds ( ) promulgated by the China Securities Regulatory Commission on November 19, 2014 and in January 2015, respectively. During the reporting period, the revenue and net profit of Zhengqi Financial are set out as follows: During the reporting period, the revenue grew 23% from RMB726 million in the corresponding period last year to RMB893 million, mainly due to the growth of financial leasing business and loan business; whereas the net profit increased 35% from RMB385 million in the corresponding period last year to RMB519 million, mainly attributable to the growth of leasing business and equity investments business. In light of our confidence in the long-term potential of China’s financial leasing industry, we Incorporated JC Finance & Leasing in Shanghai on November 2, 2015. Backed by the brand of Legend Holdings and the professionalism of its management team, JC Finance & Leasing will initiate cooperation with both domestic and international equipment manufacturers, concentrate on industry and industrial chain, commence financial leasing business by focusing on areas that reflect new economic trends in China, such as medical services, environmental protection, clean energy, advanced manufacturing, public services and transportation, in turn establishing a leading enterprise in the industry. As of December 31, 2015, the outstanding balance of interest-bearing assets of JC Finance & Leasing amounted to RMB732 million. The core business of Lakala is to provide enterprise users and individual users with third-party payment services as well as other value-added and financial services. With a consistent mission of inclusiveness, technological progress, innovations and integrated approach, Lakala creates a symbiotic system that has a solid foundation and is user- oriented to provide personal and business users with payment (e.g. repayment for credit cards, community convenient payment services, receipt of bills by merchants), credit investigation (e.g. Lakala credit scores, merchant credit scores and Lakala occupational scores), financing (e.g. individual loans and loans for micro and small enterprises), wealth management, community finance and other services. Lakala independently develops and produces POS machines, mobile payment devices, self-service terminals, mobile POS devices, mobile apps and various other software and hardware products to satisfy diverse payment and financial needs of users. As of December 31, 2015, we held 31.38% equity interests in Lakala. As of December 31, 2015, Lakala authorized more than 2.5 million POS terminals in more than 300 cities nationwide, covering 2.7 millions merchant and 100 million individual users. It also established strategic partnership with China UnionPay and more than 50 banks. Lakala processed over RMB1.6 trillion transaction volumes for the year 2015, representing an increase of over 300% as compared to 2014, in which the transaction amount of card acceptance business was over RMB900 billion, positioning it at the forefront of the industry. Third-party payment services of Lakala mainly include card acceptance services and individual payment services. Card acceptance services: As the leading professional card acceptance service provider in China, currently Lakala offers card acceptance, value-added services and industry solutions for over 2.7 million merchants in more than 300 cities nationwide. Its authorized merchants are mainly in the industries of food and beverages, retails, logistics and trading. Individual payment services: The individual payment business of Lakala consists of convenient payment business and mobile payment business. The convenient payment business is pioneered by Lakala through Lakala terminals installed in community stores to realize convenient payment services, whereas the mobile payment business provides users with personal finance and living payment services including credit card payments, transfer of remittances, value charge and payment, bill payment and bank card balance inquiries through phone card readers. As an advocator and active practitioner of inclusive financial services in China, Lakala has currently authorized approximately 100,000 Lakala convenient payment terminals across the country. The convenient payment services of Lakala include self-service banking, convenient payment services and daily living services. Lakala persistently conducts innovation of mobile terminals products in order to satisfy the needs of individual users, such as credit card payments and living payments. Lakala has been devoted to providing safe, convenient and stylish mobile payment services, enhancing all-round experiences of users, improving transaction efficiency and building a new lifestyle of mobile payments for individual users. Value-added financial services of Lakala mainly include credit loan business and credit investigation business. Credit loan business: Lakala has a large pool of users based on years of payment business. In light of advanced internet technology, operating systems, a large amount of data resources and risk control model, Lakala provides enterprise users and individual users with credit loan services on the basis of the payment business. The credit loan business of Lakala consists of individual loans and small and micro enterprise credit loans, depending on types of borrowers, in which major products include Repayment-for-You ( ), Easy Instalments ( ) and POS Credit (POS ). Credit investigation business: The credit investigation business of Lakala is operated by Koala Zhengxin Service Co., Ltd. ( ), an associate of Lakala, which provides information inquiry, credit reports and other services by means of legitimate collection, investigation, storage, collation and evaluation of credit information of corporates and individuals to meet the needs of credit information services in the credit market. Among it, corporate credit services are to provide small and micro merchants and corporate organizations with credit services for a comprehensive understanding of operational status and profitability of the concerned merchants and corporate organizations. Products include merchant credit points, corporate credit points and reports to facilitate the merchants to swiftly obtain loan approval. Meanwhile, it is also a reference for the corporates with respect to risk control and credit management. Individual credit information services are comprehensive credit assessment on personal information, in which products include personal credit points, occupation credit points, individual and occupation reports that the individuals can enjoy better quality services in the areas of financial credit, social engagements, career recruitment, shopping, car rental, apartment rental, hotel, food and beverages and people’s livelihood. While reducing the costs of recruitment and staff management, it helps improve efficiency. Hankou Bank conducts commercial banking business including corporate banking, retail banking and treasury operations. It generates revenue primarily from net interest income and fee and commission income. As of December 31, 2015, we held 15.33% equity interest in Hankou Bank. As of December 31, 2015, Hankou Bank had 137 affiliated agencies in China, including its head office, 11 branches, 15 first-tier sub-branches, one direct sub-branch and 109 second-tier sub-branches (including 20 community branches). The network of Hankou Bank covers substantially the whole territory of Hubei Province, and it also has branches in Chongqing. Union Insurance is a leading professional insurance intermediary in China. As of December 31, 2015, we held 48.00% equity interests in Union Insurance. The major clients of Union Insurance come from the educational sector. It provides risk advisory services to schools, local and provincial educational institutions and insurance products services to students. During the reporting period, the insurance brokerage business of Union Insurance achieved a steady growth and maintained a leading position in China’s education related insurance brokerage sector. As of December 31, 2015, Union Insurance established a national service network through 33 branches and 110 sales departments, providing risk management and insurance brokerage services to 28 provinces and cities, 380,000 schools and 180 million teachers and students. Union Insurance is in cooperation with over 30 insurance companies. Union Insurance is actively expanding its product range by introducing new products and expanding to fields beyond the educational sector. During the reporting period, Union Insurance had already started to undertake risks advisory and insurance services in the fields of environmental protection and medical insurance products. At the same time, Union Insurance is also actively cooperating with domestic well-known universities in studying risk management and relevant insurance products. It also sets up an actuarial firm to develop innovative insurance products. Eloancn.com is a leading Internet finance company in China. By introducing the model of “inter-city O2O” ( O2O), it successfully integrates the convenience of internet with conventional financial lending. Eloancn.com focuses on providing inclusive financial service to farmers and small and micro enterprises. As of December 31, 2015, we held 33.33% equity interest in Eloancn.com. Adhering to the principal of doing business in accordance with laws and regulations, Eloancn.com became a national financial reform pilot enterprise in 2012 and was granted the first “private lending business brokerage services” license in China. Since August 19, 2015, all borrowers data on Eloancn.com is linked to the Internet Financial Risk Information Sharing System under the Payment & Clearing Association attached to the People’s Bank of China ( ). As of December 31, 2015, Eloancn. com established operation centers in approximately 200 cities across the country with a coverage of more than 1,000 counties. Currently, the platform has approximately 2.8 million registered users, representing an increase of 1,291% compared to 2014. In 2015, Eloancn.com completed approximately 131,000 of Internet lending transactions with a volume of approximately RMB9.87 billion, representing a growth of 366% compared to 2014, among which, approximately RMB8.08 billion or 82% was related to agriculture, rural infrastructure and farmers livelihood. Suzhou Trust engages in trust business. It acts as a trustee and manages entrusted properties and provides financial advisory and other consulting services. As of December 31, 2015, we held 10.00% equity interests in Suzhou Trust. Leveraging on the overall development of the trust industry and extensive wealth management needs from high-net-worth customers, Suzhou Trust established a wealth management platform in Jiangsu Province, one of China’s most affluent provinces, to meet the investment and financing needs of a broad group of corporates and high-net-worth customers in the region. As at the end of the reporting period, the size of ongoing trust of Suzhou Trust amounted to RMB86.92 billion with 280 ongoing trust projects, among which 137 are collective trust products with an ongoing size of RMB47.99 billion and 143 are individual trust products with an ongoing size of RMB38.93 billion. The wealth management department of Suzhou Trust has established outstanding marketing capability and serves many high-net-worth customers. As of December 31, 2015, Suzhou Trust had more than 10,000 wealth management clients. Our subsidiaries and associates in the modern services business include: Bybo Dental, our subsidiary, mainly provides dental healthcare services through chain operations; CAR, our associate, mainly provides comprehensive car rental services including short-term rentals and long-term rentals, as well as sales of used cars; Zeny Supply Chain, our subsidiary, mainly provides logistics services; EnsenCare, our subsidiary, mainly provides mid- to high-end senior care services; XYWY.COM, our associate, mainly provides internet healthcare services. In the context of China’s economic transformation, there is a broad market to tap into for modern services that are closely related to people’s livelihood and corporate upgrading. In 2015, we continued to vigorously support the rapid development of existing businesses, CAR continued to expand its businesses and strengthened its leading position after its IPO; Bybo Dental leveraged its well-run management model and growing brand influence to establish a significant presence of medical institutions across the country. Meanwhile, we actively expanded into other areas of strategic interests: benefiting from insights into opportunities arising from such new technology and business models as mobile Internet and big data, we invested in Social Touch and XYWY.COM for mobile digital marketing and Internet-based healthcare services respectively. With social media fast on the move, Social Touch further tempered its business model of precise marketing driven by big data and achieved fast growth in 2015; XYWY.COM continued to develop various business models of Internet-based healthcare services against the backdrop of deepening healthcare reform in China. In addition, it is also one of our important strategies to actively support existing businesses to embrace the Internet. We supported CAR to develop a new business model based on the Internet and establish its on-demand chauffeured business together with UCAR. It has already become a leading brand in this industry with significant growth in scale, reputation and operational performance. During the reporting period, the revenue and net (loss)/profit of modern services segment are set out as follow: Net (loss)/profit attributable to equity holders During the reporting period, revenue of modern services segment increased by 75%, mainly due to the consolidation of Bybo Dental in the second half of 2014 and substantial growth of dental healthcare related businesses in 2015, as well as significant growth of business of Zeny Supply Chain. During the reporting period, modern services segment recorded a loss against a profit in 2014, mainly due to: equity dilution gains of RMB1,647 million generated from the IPO of CAR in the corresponding period of 2014; temporary operating loss of RMB369 million resulting from accelerated business expansion of Bybo Dental during the reporting period; and relatively large additional costs and expenses resulting from strategic adjustment to the courier business of Zeny Supply Chain in the second half of 2015, causing an increase of RMB350 million in loss as compared with the corresponding period of 2014. Bybo Dental provides dental healthcare services through chain operations. As of December 31, 2015, we held 54.90% equity interests in Bybo Dental. Along with an ageing population, urbanization, increases in people’s affordable income and gradually improved basic healthcare protection system, there is great potential for growth of China’s healthcare services market. Supported by state policies in recent years, private medical institutions are bracing for a more favorable policy environment. Dental health care services in China are characterized by a huge user base, relatively poor dental health conditions, high morbidity ratio and low ratio of clinical visits. Dental healthcare services in China has been mainly provided by public hospitals and individual clinics, but given the usual one- hospital-one-city model for public dental hospitals in most cities, aggravated by a limited number of doctors and dental chairs available, it is impossible to satisfy the demand of patients for convenient and comfortable medical services. In the meantime, the demand for equipment and medical technology is rapidly and continuously increasing for dental healthcare services while most individual clinics are short of sufficient funding for more investments. With further implementation of state policies encouraging the development of private medical institutions, and development of medical technology such as tooth planting and orthodontic treatment, we expect the demand for services by dental healthcare chain operations to increase even more. Bybo Dental has accumulated extensive management experiences and developed strong brand recognition in various regions in China. It plans to make use of its first-mover advantage and strong brand recognition to expand its presence in China through both organic growth and acquisitions. As of December 31, 2015, Bybo Dental owned 27 hospitals and 108 clinics, representing an 80% increase in the number of outlets year-on-year and covering 21 provinces and municipalities. Its number of dental chairs has increased from 724 as of December 31, 2014 to 1,567 as of December 31, 2015. As of December 31, 2015, Bybo Dental had 2,138 skilled healthcare professionals. In 2015, its number of dentists increased from 451 to 769. Bybo Dental kept its professional pool stable by providing competitive compensations and good working conditions. Bybo Dental will work to further improve its professional services and brand recognition. It will continue to strengthen its management capability, upgrade its IT systems, carry out academic exchanges and cooperation, align physical expansion with management enhancement, thus constantly closing in on the objective of building time-honored store and the No. 1 brand of dental health in China. The major business statistics of Bybo Dental are set out as follows: As of December 31, As of December 31, Area of outlets (Square meter) During the reporting period, the revenue and net loss of Bybo Dental are set out as follows: For the six months from July 1, 2014 to December 31, Net (loss) During the reporting period, the revenue of Bybo Dental increased from RMB546 million of 2014 to RMB975 million of 2015. The increase in net loss was due to rapid expansion of businesses and the majority of clinics were either in preparation or opened within less than one year, with breakeven point yet to be reached. CAR currently provides comprehensive car rental services including short- term and long-term rental, and sales of used cars services. Through its strategic partner, UCAR, it provides an on-demand chauffeured car services based on mobile Internet technology and the strong brand of “UCAR”. It also launched a pilot program of its own used car direct sales and service network, focusing on strong demand in third and fourth- tier cities through a B2C platform. As of December 31, 2015, we held 23.54% equity interests in CAR. CAR endeavors to become the leading auto mobility provider in China with continuous product innovation and value chain extension. It is marching into the broader auto market by setting up three major platforms of car-sharing, used car sale and fleet management, proceeding from its car rental business built over the years. In 2015, CAR reinforced its absolute leading position in the car rental market. Its fleet has grown from 63,522 cars as of December 31, 2014 to 91,179 as of December 31, 2015. Its total revenue has grown from RMB3,520 million for the year ended December 31, 2014 to RMB5,003 million for the year ended December 31, 2015. And its net profit has increased from RMB436 million for the year ended December 31, 2014 to RMB1,401 million for the year ended December 31, 2015. In the meantime, CAR has made significant development in value chain extension. It initiated comprehensive collaboration with UCAR in January 2015 providing professional on-demand chauffeured car services. Different from other on-demand chauffeured car services providers in the market, UCAR only uses licensed cars and professional drivers from such car rental companies as CAR, stressing safety and quality of service for mid- to high-end users, underlining a clear profit-making model. As a latecomer to the on-demand chauffeured car services market, UCAR established its differentiated position through one year’s relentless efforts, making significant breakthroughs in terms of both market share and reputation. According to report issued by Roland Berger in August 2015, UCAR secured 42% market share in the on-demand chauffeured car services market for mid- to high-end users, making it one of the largest on-demand chauffeured car services providers in China. As an important step in its value chain extension strategy, CAR opened pilot stores in eight third-tier cities in October 2015 as part of a pilot program to build a used car direct sale and service network. The company aspires to become the No. 1 brand of used cars B2C service in China. CAR believes that its brand premium and high quality products and services will help it to realize higher vehicle residual value, better management of rental vehicles service life cycle and capture growth potential of China’s used car B2C service market. CAR has already built Asia’s biggest internet-of-vehicles system, integrating advanced technologies such as big data, internet-of-vehicles, in-vehicle information collection and analysis, and machine learning, all of which effectively improves the service and management standards of both car-sharing and used car businesses. It is expected to facilitate the innovations and setting new benchmarks for the entire industry. Looking ahead, we believe that auto-related industry is at a critical juncture of transformation. CAR has already positioned itself strategically to better capture new growth opportunities out of this transformation. CAR will continue to embrace technology innovation, endeavoring to provide more reliable, convenient and value-for- money travel solutions for its users. Zeny Supply Chain provides logistics services, mainly including comprehensive cold chain operations, comprehensive logistics services and domestic courier services. Zeny Supply Chain is committed to becoming a leading provider of comprehensive supply chain services. As of December 31, 2015, we held 94.00% equity interests in Zeny Supply Chain. Comprehensive cold chain operations refer to the use of self-owned cold chain property to provide cold storage services, wholesale market space lease services, commodity trading services, micro loans and guarantee services to commercial tenants of the wholesale market, bonded commodity inspection and examination and logistics services. We conduct the above services through our cold chain properties in Hubei Province and Tianjin Dongjiang harbor. During the reporting period, we continued to expand the regional presence of cold chain businesses. We have signed acquisition agreements regarding equity acquisition of Tianjin Dongjiang harbor and the cold chain business in Zhengzhou, Henan. As of the end of the reporting period, we have completed equity acquisition and assets settlement of Tianjin Dongjiang harbor while assets of the cold chain business in Zhengzhou, Henan have yet to be settled. Comprehensive logistics services refer to a newly-founded third-party logistics business model during the reporting period, providing one-stop and customized logistics services to corporate clients in such area as clothing and accessories, home and household appliances, cold chain food and motor accessories through integrated solutions and consolidated third-party capacities. Its business network mainly covers four major regions of northern, central, eastern and southern China. Domestic courier services: includes courier and logistics services. During the reporting period, due to faster-than- expected changes in the market, we have made strategic adjustments to the courier business in the second half of 2015. As of the end of the reporting period, we have closed courier business in eastern and southern China, while such business in Shandong and Beijing was being transformed into comprehensive logistics services. During the reporting period, revenue and net loss of Zeny Supply Chain are set out as follows: Net (loss) During the reporting period, revenue from the logistics business increased by RMB157 million year-on-year, mainly due to increased businesses in comprehensive cold chain operations and comprehensive logistics services compared with the corresponding period last year. Net loss increased by RMB350 million year-on-year, mainly due to one-off expenses from strategic adjustments to the courier business in the second half of 2015. EnsenCare mainly provides mid- to high-end senior care services. As of December 31, 2015, we held 100.00% equity interests in EnsenCare. In 2015, EnsenCare continued to create mid- to high-end senior care service products with unique features. On the one hand, it developed products in institutional senior care, senior apartments and others with Changzhou Project as a sample. On the other hand, it implemented pilot home- based senior care business, exploring new model of senior care products with Chinese characteristics. In 2016, EnsenCare will continue to strengthen efforts of promotion, operation and sale of the Changzhou Project while experimenting with new model of senior care products and fostering new sources of growth. As of December 31, 2015, we held 48.23% equity interests in Social Touch at a consideration of USD58.50 million. Social Touch is an industry-leading provider of the enterprise digital marketing solutions in the mobile social era. It helps enterprises to effectively establish and manage connections and interactions with consumers in a new mobile social environment. Social Touch has four major business segments which are marketing strategies and implementation service, corporate mobile marketing management software and implementation service, corporate mobile marketing data management and analysis service, and mobile original advertising procurement and placing service. Our investments in Social Touch is an important signal to move into the mobile marketing industry under the Internet+ environment. Meanwhile, our investments will effectively help integrate the upstream and downstream resources for Social Touch and shape it into the largest comprehensive services platform of mobile marketing in China. Wenkang Group is mainly engaged in Internet healthcare services business through operating XYWY.COM. As of December 31, 2015, we held 17.02% equity interests in Wenkang Group. Currently, XYWY.COM is the leading platform providing one-stop Internet healthcare services in China. It is also one of the earliest platforms to explore and implement Internet healthcare services in China. XYWY.COM has dynamically integrated patients, doctors, hospitals and pharmaceutical enterprises together, building a comprehensive network and a complete ecosystem of Internet healthcare services covering the entire clinical visit process from pre-treatment (online self-diagnosis, online enquiry, telephone consultation, medicine checks and purchase, specialist reservation and others) to in-treatment (ad-hoc reservation, clinical visit guide, clinical escort and others) and to post-treatment (rehabilitation, clinical follow-up, data tracking and others), providing fast and convenient services to patients. As of December 31, 2015, XYWY.COM has a total of 73.40 million registered users and 520,000 registered doctors. In December 2015, its daily average number of online visits was over 12 million. Our subsidiaries and associates in the agriculture and food business include: Joyvio Group, our subsidiary, mainly provides plantation and sales of premium fruits and agricultural products business and sales of wine business; Funglian Group, our subsidiary, is mainly engaged in the production and sale of Chinese liquor; Cloud Farm, our associate, mainly provides services related to agricultural capital goods, agricultural Liquor Easy, our associate, mainly develops and operates liquor direct selling networks. There are significant opportunities in the agriculture and food industry in China: (1) With China’s increased per capita disposable income and consequential changes in consumption patterns, we believe that Chinese consumers are looking to improve their lifestyle. (2) With the continuous promotion of structural reform and technology innovation in agricultural production and operation, we believe that agricultural and food enterprises in China are experiencing constant transformation. We have been proactively exploring opportunities in and invest into niche segments that benefit the most from the upgrading of products, production services and sales channels in agriculture and food. In 2015, we started to elevate our upgrading efforts from that of products (Joyvio Group and Funglian Group) to that of production services (Cloud Farm) and distribution channels (Liquor Easy). Through industrial integration and a global presence, we hope to provide better products to Chinese consumers, furnish more advanced services to practitioners of the agriculture and food industry, and build more efficient distribution channels that better cater to upscale consumer demand. Joyvio Group reported a substantial increase in the sales of agricultural products including blueberries and kiwifruit through continuously improving its planting technologies and developing new sources of supply and sales channels, and turned around in the reporting period through constant improvement on its management expertise, operational efficiency and restructuring and consolidation, leading to remarkably better performance. On December 8, 2015, Joyvio Group acquired the newly issued shares of Golden Wing Mau with the consideration of equity interests it holds in its domestic fruit business company, therefore realizing the restructuring of the two companies’ fruit businesses. Through this transaction, the channel capacity of the merged company was significantly enhanced with more balanced capability in different segments of the supply chain, leading in terms of scale in the Chinese fruit industry, with increased bargaining weight on both the upper and lower streams. A combined business and team lead to reduced sales costs and management costs which translate into improved profitability. Upon completion of transaction, Joyvio Golden Wing Mau, as an associate of Joyvio Group, will become a fruit business platform, creating a fruit industry chain platform business with global influence. The Company made a new strategic investment in Cloud Farm, intending to use it as a platform to enhance conventional agriculture through the Internet to create “a new agricultural eco-system”. Cloud Farm is China’s first Internet-based agriculture-related service provider which integrates areas such as agriculture-oriented e-commerce, customization and trading of agricultural products, agricultural program services, agricultural technology services and rural finance. Cloud Farm has been growing rapidly after our investment. And now with a new round of investment led by Chun Xiao Capital, its valuation has also gone up substantially from the point of our investment. We made a new strategic investment in Liquor Easy. It is a leading liquor retailer in China with a self- operated chain store network, leveraging an integrated operation model which reshapes the sales channel of the liquor industry. Liquor Easy has been growing rapidly after our investment, establishing distribution networks and brand recognition successfully in various regions including Henan Province and Beijing. During the reporting period, revenue and profit/(loss) of agriculture and food segment are set out as follows: Net profit/(loss) Net profit/(loss) attributable to equity holders of Legend Holdings During the reporting period, revenue of the agriculture and food segment increased from RMB1,532 million to RMB1,639 million, representing an increase of 7% year-on-year. Net profit turned from a net loss of RMB948 million in the corresponding period last year into a net profit of RMB134 million, mainly due to continuous growth of agricultural business, as well as easing out and slight growth in the liquor business under current relatively weak market environment. Joyvio Group Joyvio Group mainly provides quality fruit and agricultural products such as kiwifruits, blueberries, tea and imported wine. As of December 31, 2015, we held 100.00% equity interests in Joyvio Group. In 2015, the fruit industry in China registered continuous and steady growth. Joyvio Group targets customers who placed emphasis on safe and quality products. This category of customers grows rapidly alongside consumption upgrading in China. In 2015, key indicators of our agriculture business including revenue, net profit and operational cash flows were constantly improved. On December 8, 2015, the fruit business of Joyvio Group has completed restructuring with Golden Wing Mau. Golden Wing Mau has 18 years of in-depth experience in the fruit industry. It is the largest fruit supply chain enterprise in China with services covering planting, storage, cold-chain logistics, import and export, and distribution. Upon the completion of the transaction, Golden Wing Mau was renamed as Joyvio Golden Wing Mau, and it becomes an associate of the Joyvio Group. During the reporting period, the revenue and net profit/(loss) of Joyvio Group are set out as follows: Net profit/(loss) During the reporting period, the revenue of agricultural business grew from RMB411 million to RMB452 million, representing an increase of 10%, turning loss into profit, mainly due to: 1) our continuous investment in agricultural technology, leading to constant upgrading of planting technology and expertise and enhancement in product quality production capacity; 2) further development of supply channels of agricultural products leading to broadened product range as well as the increased sales volume of our popular products; 3) continuous expansion and optimization of our sales channels: in addition to the continuing integration of conventional wholesale channels, we were also constantly improving our shares in supplying leading domestic supermarkets while experimenting with the internet to transform conventional channels; and 4) the continuous improvement of our operational efficiency, optimization of cost structure and strengthening of cost control. Funglian Group Funglian Group is mainly engaged in the production and distribution of Chinese liquor. It has four regional brands including Bancheng, Confucius Family, Wenwang and Wuling. As of December 31, 2015, we held 93.30% equity interests in Funglian Group. Domestic demand of Chinese liquor still remained low during the reporting period with overcapacity persisting in overall Chinese liquor industry. Upgrading of consumer products and business model innovation will become major opportunities for the industry in the future. During the reporting period, the revenue and net loss of Funglian Group are set out below: Net (loss) During the reporting period, the revenue of liquor segment increased by 6% and net loss decreased by RMB780 million year-on-year, mainly due to: In 2014, provision for impairment of goodwill amounted to RMB621 million. There was no such provision in 2015; For business, each brand companies tried to develop new strategical market while focusing on their respective regional markets, actively executing product differentiation, strengthening mainstream products delivery, and leveraging innovative distribution models. These have led to optimized sales structure while an increase in average price improved gross margin; Increased efficiency in marketing and management further reduced overall cost. Cloud Farm is the first Internet-based agriculture-related service provider in China which integrates areas such as agriculture-oriented e-commerce, customization and trading of agricultural products, rural logistics, agricultural technology services and rural finance. The official online operation of Cloud Farm began on February 8, 2014, providing agricultural capital goods, agricultural programs and agricultural technology services to farmers and farm operators as target users by leveraging the agriculture-oriented e-commerce platform. We started investing in Cloud Farm in May 2015. As of December 31, 2015, we invested an aggregate of RMB107 million in Cloud Farm and held 25.00% equity interests in it. Cloud Farm solved the localization difficulty of agricultural e-commerce by setting up an extensive network of service centers for farm operators (ground testing and fertilizer matching) and village-based (agricultural business) Internet connection, building an Internet-based agriculture-related service provider which integrates online platform with offline terminals. Leveraging our stock of experiences and resources in the agricultural industry, Cloud Farm grew rapidly after our investment. Apart from standard products and agricultural supply, newly developed business of ground testing, fertilizer matching and agricultural programs services all grew rapidly, with regional presence going beyond Shandong province into the whole country. Currently, Cloud Farm houses more than 2,000 well-known tenants including agricultural supply enterprises, distributors and service providers, more than 300 county-level service centers and more than 30,000 village-level stations, covering markets in 18 provinces including Shandong, Jiangsu, Henan and others. Its number of registered users has surpassed one million and has developed into China’s largest online shopping mall for agricultural capital goods. Legend Holdings invested RMB226 million in Liquor Easy in November 2015, owning 30.00% of its equity interests. Luquor Easy is a dedicated liquor retailer running chain store networks. Its business model of “Internet platform+call centre+physical outlets+delivery in 20 minutes” combined online and offline operations, and reshaped distribution channels of the liquor industry. Its promised delivery time of “20 minutes home delivery” has become the benchmark of liquor delivery. As of December 31, 2015, Liquor Easy has entered various cities including Zhengzhou, Beijing, Zhumadian, Xuchang and Nanyang with a total of 124 outlets and 38 delivery stations. According to information published by the National Bureau of Statistics of China, total investment in the country’s property development amounted to RMB9.6 trillion in 2015, representing a nominal increase of 1.0% year-on-year (an actual increase of 2.8% excluding the price factor); total construction area of property development enterprises amounted to 7,357 million square meters, representing an increase of 1.3% year-on- year; the area of newly-commenced projects amounted to 1,545 million square meters, representing a decrease of 14.0%; the area of new housing completed was 1 billion square meters, representing a decrease of 6.9%. As for sales, the total national sold areas of commodity housing was 1,285 million square meters, representing an increase of 6.5% year-on-year. The total value of commodity housing sold was RMB8.73 trillion, representing an increase of 14.4% year-on-year. In December 2015, the average home price of the country’s 100 cities (newly- built) was RMB10,980/square meter, representing a consecutive increase of 0.74%. Since May 2015, the average home price of these 100 cities have been rising for eight consecutive months. There was a new round of market momentum in the property market. We are mainly engaged in the property business through Raycom, our subsidiary. Raycom is specialized in the property development in China. As of December 31, 2015, we held 93.09% equity interests in Raycom Real Estate and 100.00% equity interests in Raycom Property. Raycom’s property business includes the (i) development and sale of residential properties; (ii) development, sale, lease and management of office buildings and industrial parks, with the ability to develop properties tailored to the requirements of our corporate customers; and (iii) property management services provided by Raycom’s joint venture, FPD Raycom Property Management Co., Ltd. (“FPD-Raycom”). As of December 31, 2015, the real estate portfolio of Raycom covered 15 Chinese cities and included 52 projects, with a total land area of approximately 6.6 million square meters and a total GFA*2 of approximately 14.6 million square meters. Raycom primarily focuses on first-tier cities such as Beijing and affluent second- and third-tier cities in Southeast, Southwest and Central China. For residential property development, the primary focus of Raycom is on developing projects with comfortable living environments at locations with convenient public transportation. These projects are concentrated in municipalities, provincial capital cities and other cities with market potential. For our office building business, Raycom develops (i) office buildings that Raycom retains, leases and manages for investment purposes, including Raycom Infotech Center Tower A, Tower B and Tower C; (ii) office buildings that Raycom sells such as Raycom Wangjing Property Center and Raycom Creative Center; and (iii) customized office buildings for sale or lease to identified corporate customers, such as the Sohu New Media Plaza in Beijing. Raycom develops office buildings primarily in prime locations of first- and second-tier cities in locations with attractive nearby facilities and convenient transportation. Raycom selectively holds office buildings as investment properties for long-term returns. As of December 31, 2015, Raycom had an investment property portfolio with a total GFA* of approximately 173,000 square meters. Our properties held for investment include Raycom Infotech Tower A, Tower B and Tower C, a premium office building located in Beijing’s Zhongguancun area, with an average occupancy rate of over 95% as of December 31, 2015. We own Raycom Infotech Tower A and Tower C through our wholly owned subsidiary, Raycom Property, and own Raycom Infotech Tower B through our subsidiary, Raycom Real Estate. The data of GFA marked with “*” set forth in this sub-section does not include the area which is not taken into consideration when During the reporting period, the revenue and net profit of the property sector are set out as follows: Legend Holdings During the reporting period, the net profit of the property segment increased to RMB2,184 million as compared with that of RMB983 million in 2014, mainly due to an increase in the fair value of investment properties for the purpose of leasing, which are Raycom Infotech Center Tower B and Olive City located in Beijing, during the reporting period. The table below summarizes property development projects of Raycom as of December 31, 2015 by city: Total GFA* Under The table below summarizes property development projects of Raycom as of December 31, 2015 by property type: Total GFA* Under Future The following table sets forth certain information relating to completed properties, properties under development and properties held for future development of Raycom as of December 31, 2015 including GFA* data for each project3. Completed (record of completion obtained) (in GFA*) Under development (construction work permit obtained) (in GFA*) Held for Future Development (construction work permit pending) (in GFA*) Sold and Sold and Saleable Remaining Rentable Actual Completion Under Saleable/ Rentable Expected Completion with Land Use Rights Land Use Rights Attributable Raycom Luoyu Road Raycom Celestial 35.7(1) Raycom Chuangyi Blocks A and C of Raycom Info Tech Block B of Raycom Info SOHU New Media The GFA* data for each project is for that project as a whole and does not reflect the amount of GFA* solely attributable to Raycom to the extent that our interest in the project is less than 100%. In addition to which 49% interests are attributable to Lenovo. Completed (record of completion obtained) (in GFA*) Under development (construction work permit obtained) (in GFA*) Held for Future Development (construction work permit pending) (in GFA*) Sold and Sold and Saleable Remaining Rentable Actual Completion Under Saleable/ Rentable Expected Completion with Land Use Rights Land Use Rights Attributable Daqing Legend Daqing Legend Tech Daqing Legend Daqing Legend Daqing Legend Daqing Legend Tech City-2A-1 Daqing Legend Tech City)-A-4 Daqing Legend Tech City-2A-5 Daqing Legend Tech City2A -3 Chongqing Raycom Kunming Legend Kunming Legend Raycom Splendor 61.4(2) In addition to this, 29.4% interests are attributable to Lenovo. Our Chemicals and Energy Materials Business segment consists of fine chemicals and energy materials business, which focuses on innovative products with growth potential emerging during the transformation of China’s chemical industry as well as the lithium-ion battery designed for new energy vehicles: Levima Group, our subsidiary, is engaged in the production of fine chemical and new chemical materials; Phylion Battery, our associate, is engaged in the lithium-ion battery business. During the reporting period, as it ceased to be consolidated due to a decrease in shareholding, it was audited using equity method. Chemicals and energy materials segment’s revenue and net loss for the reporting period are set out as follows: Net (loss) Legend Holdings During the reporting period, since Phylion Battery was no longer consolidated into the Company and instead using equity method, the revenue of chemicals and energy materials business decreased by RMB69 million year-on- year. During the reporting period, demands were sluggish in the chloro-alkali chemical market of Levima Group’s subsidiary Zhongyin Electrochemical and the coal market of Guozhuang Mining, pointing to continuous recession in the industry. We made a provision of asset impairment of Zhongyin Electrochemical and Guozhuang Mining, resulting in a continuous loss in this year. Development of chemicals production facilities of Shenda Chemicals and Haoda Chemicals, which were built since June 2012, have been completed construction and put into production and achieved safe, stable and full-capactiy operation. It realized full-load fully-sold production and made profit in the year when production was commenced. With the gradual implementation of subsidies by the State and local governments to vehicles powered by lithium-ion battery, demand for electric vehicles was growing fast. Lithium-ion power battery products used for electric vehicles of Phylion Battery obtained certifications from renowned electric automobile manufacturers in terms of quality and safety. Its products were in short supply throughout the year and the sale of new energy vehicle products significantly increased. As of December 31, 2015, we held 90.00% equity interests in Levima Group. Leveraging on the DMTO facilities, Levima Group focused on industries in high-end synthetic materials and special chemicals, which enjoy broad market prospects. The DMTO facilities, the development of which started in June 2012, of Shenda Chemicals and Haoda Chemicals, subsidiaries of Levima Group, saw its last set of EVA successfully put into production on September 13, 2015. The five facilities were all successfully completed and put into production and operation. In October, all development projects were transferred into fixed assets and contributed revenue and profit. During the reporting period, the management and technical teams of Shenda Chemicals and Haoda Chemicals achieved safe, stable operation of facilities at full capacity during the trial operation period through lean production. Through continuous improvement in technology and improving operational standard, these facilities were able to lead in terms of the technical and economic indicators, operational standards and the costs of products among its peer. They were leveraging research and development capabilities of its own research institution to constantly develop high-end differentiated products, successfully producing six types of PP products, seven types of EVA products and 54 types of EOD products and introducing them to target markets within a year after commencement of operation. The application efficacy of its special products for subway and leather markets is on a par with that of world-leading enterprises. By taking advantage of technologies and services of its research institution, together with a pre-deployed sale network, such products were well-accepted by high-end downstream customers at the beginning of the production. The professional technologies and services and reliable products of Levima were broadly praised by downstream customers with a continuous increase in the proportion of direct supply. During the reporting period, Shenda Chemicals and Haoda Chemicals achieved full production and made profit in the year when production was commenced, demonstrating relatively strong competitiveness of this integrated model. During the reporting period, the chloro-alkali chemical industry, in which Zhongyin Electro (a subsidiary of Levima Group) was operating, suffered from overcapacity while the demand from downstream remained weak, resulting in lower profitability. Facing severe situation in the industry, Zhongyin Electrochemical closely monitored the market, adjust its operating strategies in a timely manner and arrange production of products according to their marginal contributions. Meanwhile, it strengthened internal control, implemented various technical transformation programs and laid off 200 employees to reduce costs. However, there was still no clear sign of recovery in the chloro-alkali chemical market. We made a provision of RMB403 million for asset impairment of Zhongyin Electrochemical. Guozhuang Mining, a subsidiary of Levima Group, is engaged in coal mining and related business. During the reporting period, coal market suffered from overcapacity and coal prices continued to be at a low level and profit of the enterprise slid further. Guozhuang Mining improved its coal-mining technologies through technical transformation to reduce production costs while actively exploring sales channels, lowering inventories and cutting overheads. Since the government is now implementing supply-side reforms, policies in relation to removing excessive capacity for the coal industry will be launched in the near future. Coal prices therefore are likely to bottom out. However, given considerable uncertainties over the industry’s outlook, we made a provision of RMB559 million for the asset impairment of Guozhuang Mining. Levima Group’s revenue and net loss for the reporting period are set out as follows: Net (loss) For better development, Phylion Battery introduced new strategic investors in June 2015, which resulted in Legend Holdings’ equity interests in Phylion Battery being diluted from 50.77% to 44.51% and Phylion Battery thus becoming an associate from a subsidiary. During the reporting period, Phylion Battery expanded the market shares of first-tier clients at home and abroad and achieved a substantial increase in sales and higher gross by virtue of a broad customer base and good reputation over the years; in addition, Phylion Battery obtained the certification to supply downstream comprehensive automobile enterprise with battery products for domestic new energy vehicles. Nine types of car models under five auto brands installed with Phylion Battery’s batteries were passed throughout the year and over 3,000 new energy vehicles were put in the market, contributing greatly to the results of the Company. Phylion Battery maintained relatively high gross margin against the backdrop of increasing raw material prices and intensifying industrial competition through continuous improvement in materials, technical design, as well as operating efficiency of its production lines. The net profit of Phylion Battery increased significantly year-on- year. During the reporting period, income from disposal of subsidiaries amounted to RMB139 million as Phylion Battery was no longer consolidated into the Company. Our financial investments business is positioned as pursuing financial returns while providing our strategic investments with cash flows, market information and other resources. We are a pioneer in China’s alternative investment sector, seeking to capture investment opportunities at various stages of a company’s development. We achieve growth by leveraging our financial investment platforms, which include angel investment, VC (Venture Capital) and PE (Private Equity) funds, and other investments. In our financial investments business, we also seek synergies and share resources with our strategic investments business. Each of our investment arms has a different specialization and focus, which allows us to target a broad range of investments. Through Legend Star, Legend Capital and Hony Capital, we have obtained a deep understanding of the financial investment industry, which provides us with access to numerous investment opportunities. Through investments in our associate funds in various asset classes, we are able to build a wide network in the investment community, expand information sources, capture more investment opportunities and diversify our investment risk. Other investments including direct financial investments also provide us with continuous growth in value. We continue to promote the realization of asset value and carry out direct investments in primary and secondary markets with high liquidity so as to create sound cash return. We also attach great importance to cooperation with our associate funds to share intelligence and related resources and maximize the efficiency of financial investments. During the reporting period, revenue and net profit of financial investments are set out as follows: Net profit attributable to equity holders of Legend Holdings During the reporting period, the investment income and gains of our financial investments amounted to RMB4,049 million, representing an increase of 63% compared with RMB2,491 million in 2014, the net profit amounted to RMB4,187 million, representing an increase of 98% compared with RMB2,113 million in 2014. It is mainly due to our timely judgements and adjustments towards capital market fluctuations in 2015, which help increase our gains from associate funds investment and minority shareholding investment, including the change in fair value of investees under associate funds and minority shareholding investments and exit gains. Founded in 2008, Legend Star is one of China’s leading angel investment institutions. At the end of 2015, Legend Star managed two funds with a scale of approximately RMB1.1 billion. Legend Holdings is the sole LP of the funds. Legend Star was ranked by Zero2IPO (an integrated service provider in China’s venture capital and private equity investment industry) as top five of the Annual Angel Investment Institution (“ ”) for two consecutive years of 2014 and 2015. Legend Star is committed to becoming the leading angel investment institution in China. Its key strategy is professional investments+resourceful platforms: by systematically deploying in three major areas, namely TMT, healthcare and intelligent machines, recruiting investment teams of professional elites, and leveraging its unique resources and brand advantages, Legend Star aims to strengthen its presence in the long run. Legend Star has accumulatively invested in over 120 projects. In 2015, it invested in 52 projects, of which 24 projects have finished another round of financing. Significant projects include: Face++: is a developer of core technology for visual machines and currently has the world-leading position in areas such as dynamic facial recognition. Face++ has provided 59,119 customers globally including dozens of large financial institutions and government authorities with 146 billion times cloud services for facial recognition so far. Legend Star invested in the company in 2011. In 2015, Face++ successfully completed B round financing at a higher valuation; Zhubaijia: is a leading domestic enterprise in shared economy model and provides customers with overseas boutique lodging services, covering millions of suite rooms in nearly 60 popular tourism cities across Asia, Europe, America and Australia. Legend Star invested in the company in 2014. In 2015, Zhubaijia introduced in various cornerstone investors and completed B round financing; Burning Rock Dx: Burning Rock Dx engages in tumor precision medical solutions and provide cancer patient with services such as proposals and advices for treatment and post-surgery monitoring based on genetic test data. Legend Star invested in the company in June 2014. In August 2015, Burning Rock Dx completed a new round of financing. Legend Capital is one of the leading venture capital institutions in China. As of the end of 2015, Legend Capital managed six comprehensive USD funds, three comprehensive RMB funds, two early-stage RMB funds , one USD fund in healthcare sector, one RMB fund in culture and sports sector and one fund in red-chip return concept. In 2015, Legend Capital raised three new RMB funds and one USD fund, which helped expand the asset size under management. Three RMB funds are Beijing Legend Capital Xinhai Equity Investments Partnership Enterprise (Limited Partnership) (the “Xinhai Fund”), Beijing Legend Capital Mingde Investments Partnership Enterprise (Limited Partnership) (the “Mingde fund”), Shanghai Qiji Venture Capital Partnership Enterprise (Limited Partnership) (the “Qiji fund”), respectively. One USD fund is LC Healthcare Fund I, L.P. (the “USD healthcare fund”). As of December 31, 2015, the size of new funds amounted to approximately RMB4.32 billion, including RMB1.42 billion from Xinhai Fund (inclusive of the total amount of RMB1.57 billion of Xinhai Parallel Fund), RMB1.03 billion from Mingde Fund, RMB420 million from Qiji Fund and USD200 million from USD healthcare fund. In 2016, Legend Capital plans to launch comprehensive USD Fund VII, comprehensive RMB Fund IV and first RMB fund in healthcare sector. Legend Capital’s newly raised funds will focus on Chinese enterprises and cross- border opportunities at the start-up stage and growing stage in TMT, innovative consumption, modern services, healthcare, and culture and sports sectors. In addition, in 2016, Legend Capital will continue to carry out the exit of projects under management for better cash return for LPs. During the reporting period, Legend Capital completed 72 new investments, covering start-up stage and growing stage enterprises in TMT, modern services, healthcare, and culture and sports sectors. During the reporting period, Legend Capital fully or partial exited 22 projects, contributing cash inflow of over RMB1.2 billion for Legend Holdings, achieving sound cash returns. Three of its portfolio companies conducted IPO in domestic and overseas capital markets, namely Wuxi Lead Intelligent Equipment ( ), Yingjia Distillery ( ) and Dexter Studio, respectively. Another four enterprises were listed on the NEEQS. As of December 31, 2015, 37 of Legend Capital’s portfolio companies have been successfully listed and another six are listed on the NEEQS. As of the end of 2015, Hony Capital managed five USD funds, two RMB funds and two mezzanine funds. In 2015, Hony Capital raised new RMB mezzanine fund II (Tibet Dazi Hony Phase II Mezzanine Fund Partnership (Limited Partnership)) with a size of RMB2.05 billion. Hony Capital’s PE funds focus on SOE reforms, development of private enterprises and cross-border mergers and acquisitions. It persistently carries out investment practice with specific industry focuses in consumption, services, healthcare, advanced manufacturing and mobile internet. Hony Capital’s mezzanine funds’ risks and returns are categorized between senior bonds and equity. The investment strategies of Hony Captail’s mezzanine funds are mainly in mergers and acquisitions financing, asset securitization financing and special opportunity financing (e.g. corporate bridge facility, asset-backed financing and asset restructuring opportunities, etc.) etc. In 2015, Hony PE funds completed five new projects or additional investment on existing projects, covering start- up stage and developing stage in enterprises in healthcare, consumption and services. Hony mezzanine funds completed three investments. During the reporting period, Hony PE funds fully or partially exited 12 projects, and Hony mezzanine funds completed two projects exits, contributing cash inflow of over RMB4.2 billion for Legend Holdings. Meanwhile, three of its portfolio companies conducted IPO in domestic and international capital markets in 2015, namely Happigo ( ), Yingjia Distillery ( ) and Holly Futures ( ). Another three enterprises were listed or approved to be listed on NEEQS, namely Coagent ( ), Lessin ( ) and Commercial Capital ( ). As of December 31, 2015, 33 of Hony’s portfolio companies have been successfully listed onshore or offshore (including PIPE investment 4) and another three are listed on NEEQS. We also conducted other investments including direct financial investments through our headquarter and other domestic and overseas investment platforms. These investments provide us with continuous growth in value. We continue to promote the realization of asset value and carry out direct investments in primary or secondary markets with high liquidity so as to create sound cash return. We also attach great importance to cooperation with our associate funds to share intelligence and related resources and maximize the efficiency of financial investments. Our net interest expenses after deducting capitalized amounts increased from RMB3,186 million for the year 2014 to RMB3,370 million for the year 2015. Increase in the net interest expenses was mainly due to increase in the total borrowings. Our taxation decreased from RMB3,738 million for the year 2014 to RMB1,662 million for the year 2015. Decrease in the amount of taxation was mainly due to decrease in the profit before taxation as compared with the corresponding period of last year. Our capital expenditures mainly arise from purchases of property, plant and equipment, new construction under work and intangible assets, and payment for investment. Capital expenditures were mainly funded by internally generated resources and external borrowings. Details of capital expenditures of all business segments are set out in Note 5 to the financial statement. As at December 31, 2015, we had RMB10,836 million of capital commitments contracted. Such capital commitments were mainly used for purchases of property, plant and equipment, property development, and investment. Details of capital commitments of all business segments are set out in Note 47 to the financial statement. Our principal sources of funds have been, and we expect to continue to utilize, cash generated from operations, short-term and long-term bank borrowings, facilities and debt financing including corporate bonds and private placement bonds, to satisfy our future funding needs. As of December 31, 2015, our cash and cash equivalents include RMB34,803 million of cash at bank and in hand and money market funds, among which, RMB, US dollar, HK dollar, EUR and other currencies accounted for 45%, 20%, 24%, 3% and 8%, respectively, while the amount as at December 31, 2014 was RMB35,773 million, among which, RMB, US dollar, HK dollar, EUR and other currencies accounted for 46%, 43%, 1%, 3% and 7%, respectively. It is our policy to place our cash in interest-bearing principal-protected demand or short-term deposits with reputable PRC and foreign banks. Due to our business nature, we have relied on bank loans, other loans and the issuance of corporate bonds to fund a substantial portion of our capital requirements and we expect to continue to finance portions of our capital expenditures with raised capital, bank loans, other loans and corporate bonds at a proper scale in the foreseeable future. The following table sets forth our outstanding bank loans, other loans and corporate bonds as of the dates indicated: December December As of December 31, 2015, among our total borrowings, 73% was dominated in RMB (December 31, 2014: 70%), 26% was dominated in US dollar (December 31, 2014: 29%) and 1% was dominated in other currencies (December 31, 2014: 1%). If categorized by whether the interest rates were fixed or not, the fixed interest rates borrowings and the floating interest rates borrowings accounted for 91% and 9% of our total borrowings, respectively, while as at December 31, 2014 accounted for 88% and 12%, respectively. Increase in our indebtedness was mainly due to growth and expansion of our strategic investment business. The following table sets forth the maturity profile of our indebtedness as of each of the dates indicated: December December As of December 31, 2015, we had the following corporate bonds outstanding: As of December 31, 2015 October 31, 2011 November 30, 2012 March 6, 2013 Brave Rise Investments Limited, a May 24, 2013 March 21, 2014 March 27, 2014 May 8, 2014 June 10, 2015 August 20, 2015 September 16, 2015 October 29, 2015 The annual interest rates of our bonds listed above as of December 31, 2015 ranged from 3.95% to 7.00%. As of December 31, 2015, the Company had undrawn banking facilities of RMB78.9 billion. The Company has entered into formal or informal cooperation agreements with various major banks in China. According to these agreements, the banks granted the Company general banking facilities to support its capital needs. Prior approval of individual projects from banks in accordance with bank regulations of China must be obtained before the use of these banking facilities. December 31, December 31, Current ratio (Times) Current ratio is our current assets divided by our current liabilities at the end of each financial period. Our current ratio at the end of the reporting period remained stable compared to December 31, 2014. Debt to equity ratio is calculated by dividing our net debt (total borrowings less cash and cash equivalents) as a percentage of total equity at the end of each financial period. The decrease in the debt to equity ratio at the end of the reporting period as compared with that as of December 31, 2014 was mainly due to the substantial increase in equity as a result of the listing on June 29, 2015. As of December 31, 2015, we pledged the assets of RMB21 billion (December 31, 2014: RMB20.7 billion) for obtaining borrowings. Our contingent liabilities primarily comprise (i) shareholder’s guarantees we provided in respect of the borrowings provided by commercial banks and other financial institutions to associates and third parties for their business expansion, (ii) the guarantees we provided regarding the mortgage facilities granted by commercial banks to the purchasers of our properties in connection with our property business, and (iii) financial guarantees provided by our subsidiaries in the financial services business to small and medium-sized entities for their borrowings from certain banks. We evaluated the financial position of financial guarantees provided in connection with our financial services business periodically and made provision accordingly. As of December 31, 2015 and December 31, 2014, the provision made by us was RMB135 million and RMB146 million respectively. The table below sets forth our total contingent liabilities as of the dates indicated: December 31, December 31, Our activities expose us to a variety of financial risks: market risk (including currency risk, fair value interest rate risk, cash flow interest rate risk and price risk), credit risk and liquidity risk. Our overall risk management program focuses on the unpredictability of financial markets and seeks to minimize potential adverse effects on our financial performance. We have implemented a unified and multilevel financial control management system. We guide and supervise major aspects of the financial management of our subsidiaries and each subsidiary manages its financial risks locally. Certain of our subsidiaries use derivative financial instruments to hedge certain risk exposures. We operate internationally and are exposed to foreign currency risk arising from various currency exposures, primarily with respect to Renminbi, USD and Euro. Foreign currency risks arise from the future business transactions, recognised assets and liabilities and net investment in foreign operations denominated in a currency other than the functional currency of our subsidiaries. Each of our subsidiaries monitors the amount of assets and liabilities and transactions denominated in foreign currencies closely in order to minimize the foreign exchange risk and enter into forward exchange contracts to mitigate the foreign currency risk as appropriate. We are exposed to equity securities price risk because of investments held by us and classified on our consolidated balance sheets either as available-for-sale or at fair value through profit or loss. The commodity price risk to which we are exposed is not material. To manage our price risk arising from investments in equity securities, we diversify our portfolio. Our investments in equity of other entities include companies that are publicly traded in the following four capital markets: Hong Kong, China, US and Japan. Our interest rate risk arises primarily from long-term borrowings and loans from related parties. Long-term borrowings at floating rates expose us to cash flow interest rate risk. Long-term borrowings and loans from related parties at fixed rates expose us to fair value interest rate risk. We operate a number of customers’ financing programmes mainly in our IT business. We are exposed to the risks of fluctuation of rates arising from all the currencies covered in such programmes. We manage the interest rate risk by performing regular reviews and monitoring our interest rate exposure and, when appropriate, using floating-to-fixed interest rate swaps. Credit risk is managed on a group basis. Credit risk mainly arises from cash and cash equivalents, bank deposits, restricted deposits, trade and notes receivable, loans to customers, other receivables and derivative financial instruments, etc. For the cash in bank deposits, we control our credit risk through monitoring our credit ratings and setting approved credit limits that are regularly reviewed. We have no significant concentration of customer credit risk. We have policies to limit the credit exposure on receivables. We assess the credit quality of and set credit limits on our customers, taking into account their financial position, the availability of guarantee from third parties, their credit history and other factors such as current market conditions. The credit history of our customers is regularly monitored by us. In respect of customers with a poor credit history, we use written payment reminders, or shorten or cancel credit periods, to ensure our overall credit risk is limited to a controllable extent. Cash flow forecasting is performed by us and each of our subsidiaries. We monitor our subsidiaries’ rolling forecasts of their short-term and long-term liquidity requirements to ensure they have sufficient cash and securities that are readily convertible to cash to meet operational needs, while maintaining sufficient headroom on their undrawn committed borrowing facilities from major financial institutions so that they do not breach borrowing limits or covenants on any of their borrowing facilities to meet the short-term and long-term liquidity requirements. (a) Reorganisation of Lakala On February 4, 2016, the Company and Tibet Tourism Co., Ltd. (“Tibet Tourism”), a company established under the laws of the PRC with limited liability, the shares of which are listed on the Shanghai Stock Exchange (“A Shares”), entered into an agreement, pursuant to which Tibet Tourism will issue to the Company (as one of the shareholders of Lakala) a total of 185,100,804 A Shares of Tibet Tourism at RMB18.65 per share (the “Issue Price Per A Share”), equivalent to a total of RMB3,452 million, for the consideration of acquiring the 112,978,800 shares of Lakala held by the Company, representing 31.38% of Lakala’s issued share capital. In addition, the Company and its indirect subsidiary, Tibet Zhidao Investment Co., Ltd. (“Tibet Zhidao”), each as one of the subscribers of the private placement of A Shares of Tibet Tourism, entered into a share subscription agreement with Tibet Tourism respectively, pursuant to which the Company will subscribe for and Tibet Tourism will issue 32,171,581 A Shares to the Company at the Issue Price Per A Share (equivalent to a total of RMB600 million), and Tibet Zhidao will subscribe for and Tibet Tourism will issue 1,072,386 A Shares to Tibet Zhidao at the Issue Price Per A Share (equivalent to a total of RMB20 million). Upon completion of the reorganisation, we will hold a total of 218,344,771 A Shares, representing 23.23% of the enlarged issued share capital of Tibet Tourism. Since the Company has no control over Lakala, nor is it acting in concert with any other shareholder of Lakala in order to expand its voting rights of the shares in Tibet Tourism under its control, the consolidated financial statements of Tibet Tourism will not be consolidated into our financial statements but it will be treated as an associate of the Company. Due to the reorganisation, the Company may record gains or losses as a result of the dilution of its interest in its associate. Besides, the Company and certain shareholders of Lakala entered into a profit compensation agreement with Tibet Tourism on February 4, 2016 to provide a guarantee that Lakala’s net profit attributable to the shareholders of its parent company for 2016, 2017 and 2018 (net of extraordinary gain or loss and proceeds from subscription) will not be less than RMB450 million, RMB860 million and RMB1,450 million, respectively. If any of the actual figures turns out to be less than the aforesaid amounts, the Company’s compensation obligation arise and it is expected to undertake 34.61% of the compensation amount calculated in accordance with the terms. Up to the date of this report, the reorganisation is not completed due to the related conditions haven’t all been satisfied. The detail of the conditions has been set out in the announcement published by the Company on the website of Hong Kong Stock Exchange (www.hkexnews.hk) on February 5, 2016. (b) Proposed Issue of Corporate Bonds by Raycom Real Estate On February 16, 2016, Raycom Real Estate intends to make an application to China Securities Regulatory Commission to issue i) corporate bonds with an aggregate par value of no more than RMB2,500 million to qualified investors (“Raycom Real Estate 2016 Corporate Bonds”) and maturity of no more than 10 years; and ii) non-public corporate bonds with an aggregate par value of no more than RMB5,000 million to qualified investors. The Company provides irrevocable joint and several liability guarantee for the full amount of Raycom Real Estate 2016 Corporate Bonds. As of the date of this announcement, the issuance of bonds is in progress. (c) On March 3, 2016, Zhengqi Financial issued Zhengqi Financial 2016 Corporate Bonds (First Tranche) bearing a coupon rate of 5.70% with a total issue amount of RMB400 million for a term of 3 years. As at December 31, 2015, the Group had approximately 75,000 employees. Adhering to the talent retention ideas of “investing in valuable people ( )”, we attached great importance to internal talent cultivation, while actively introducing excellent talents from the outside; the Group continued to improve and work towards short- middle- and long-term incentive systems that are both competitive and fair, optimize employee benefits and create a career platform and working environment that is full of learning and development opportunities. Meanwhile, the Group enhanced efforts in performance appraisal and talent review to further optimize the talent structure, which allowed the Group to maintain a professional talent team that is full of passion and provided the first-class HR guarantee for fulfilling the Group’s strategies. The Company truly understands that a professional team with high efficiency in the area of investment holdings companies is vital to a first-class investment holdings company for fully supporting the Company’s strategic and business development. To attract and retain top-notch talents, the overall remuneration level has to be fairly competitive in the market. Therefore, the Company established a comprehensive remuneration system for senior management and employees with market competitiveness which is compatible with the business feature of the Company: The overall remuneration of the Company’s senior management (“senior management”) including the President, Executive Vice President, Senior Vice President, financial officers and the secretary of the Board of the Company comprises annual remuneration, mid-term to long-term incentives and benefits. Annual remuneration as well as mid-term to long-term incentives of senior management of the Company are determined by the Board of the Company based on the overall performance of the Company and duties undertaken by senior management and their performance. The Company will then determine performance results according to the Company’s performance and the performance appraisal of senior management. i) Annual remuneration comprises annual basic salaries (determined based on duties undertaken by senior management) and target bonus (calculated based on certain proportion of basic salaries of senior management with reference to overall performance of the Company and performance appraisal of senior management); ii) benefits include basic social benefits and supplemental benefits of the Company. Annual remuneration of the employees of the Company comprises basic salaries and target bonus. i) Basic salaries represent post salaries, and duties undertaken by the employees and their performance and capabilities; ii) target bonus is determined based on certain proportion of the employees’ basic salaries and calculated based on annual operating results of the Company and annual performance appraisal of employees. In addition, the Company also established the basic social benefits and supplemental benefits to the staffs. The Company currently carries out research on the design of mid-term to long-term incentives of the Company after listing in order to attract and encourage talents to create values for improvement of sustainable development of the Company, thereby fostering the achievement of the Company’s strategic objectives. Pursuant to relevant laws and regulations of China and other overseas jurisdictions, we provide various benefits to our employees, including pension insurance, medical insurance, employment injury insurance, unemployment insurance, maternity insurance and housing provident fund. The net proceeds from the Company’s initial public offering amounted to approximately HKD14.75 billion (equivalent to approximately RMB11.64 billion, including the proceeds received pursuant to the partial exercise of the over-allotment option), which is intended to be used as disclosed in the Prospectus of the Company. As of December 31, 2015, the Company has used RMB2 billion for repayment of part of the corporate bonds due in 2015, and all the remaining amount had been deposited into licensed banks in Hong Kong. The Board has recommended a final dividend of RMB0.22 per ordinary share (before tax) for the year ended December 31, 2015 (2014: RMB0.183), amounting to a total of approximately RMB518 million (before tax) (2014: RMB366 million), subject to the approval of the shareholders of the Company at the forthcoming 2015 annual general meeting (the “AGM”). The Company will issue a separate announcement regarding the date of the 2015 AGM, the dates of closure of H share register of members of the Company, the record date and payment date for the dividends, etc.. 