The Group’s revenue generated by the card acceptance business in Thailand during the year increased significantly. The increase was mainly driven by the increase in both the point-of-sale (the “POS”) terminals and the expenditure by the Chinese tourists during the reporting period. Given that the business performance of the Group is highly dependent on the political stability of Thailand, the Directors consider that the revenue of the Group derived from the card acceptance business after the year end may be affected adversely due to the political turmoil in Thailand and the warning issued by the China National Tourism Administration in mid-April 2010 notifying the Chinese visitors to temporarily suspend visiting Thailand. On 11 February 2010, Siam Commercial Bank Public Company Limited (“SCB”) served a 3-month written notice to Oriental City Group (Thailand) Company Limited (“OCG Thailand”), a subsidiary of the Company, for the termination of the participation agreement in respect of electronic data capture machines entered into between SCB and OCG Thailand in 200 (the “Agreement”) with effective from 10 May 2010. With the termination of the Agreement, the Company may lose the business of card-acceptance merchants referred by SCB, including the King Power Group, a major customer of OCG Thailand. Following the termination of the Agreement, the Group engaged Bangkok Bank Public Company Limited (“BBL”) to provide settlement services pursuant to the terms of the existing bankcard acquiring agreement signed by both parties in 2004. In addition, OCG Thailand has been signing up new merchant customers and will also explore the feasibility of establishing a strategic partnership with another settlement bank in Thailand by entering into a fixed term settlement agreement with such bank so as to secure long term development prospects for OCG Thailand in the future. For the development of the Group’s card acceptance business in Laos, the preparation work is in the final stage. The Group has obtained a foreign investment license, business license and tax license for carrying out business in Laos. The card acceptance business will be commenced after the approval from CUP is obtained. In order to expand the revenue base of the Group, the Group has signed a marketing services agreement with an independent third party to provide professional marketing services which mainly include data analysis, merchant support and marketing consultancy in the fourth quarter of 2009. In view of the recent on-going political instability in Thailand, the Directors are actively exploring new business opportunities in Asia in order to diversify the revenue base and business risks of the Group. An analysis comparing the business objectives as set out in the Company’s prospectus dated 24 August 2009 (the “Prospectus”) with the Group’s actual business progress for the period from 14 August 2009, being the latest practicable date as defined in the Prospectus (the “LPD”) to 31 March 2010 is set out below: Business objectives for the period from the LpD to 31 march 2010 Actual business progress up to 31 march 2010 Further expand the co-branded card partnership business with another The Group has been in the negotiation stage with potential partnership banks for its expansion of co-branded card business. In order to explore opportunities to the best interest of the shareholders, no final agreement has yet been concluded. Work with Bank of Communications Co., Ltd (“BOCOM”) to expand customer coverage of the Pacific- OCG Golf Debit Card and Pacific-OCG Golf Credit Card in a major city of Customer coverage was still focused on Hainan Province during the period. Promotion campaigns were launched and marketing booklets were distributed to enhance the awareness of the Pacific-OCG Golf Card. Further expand the lifestyle co-branded card partnership business with another major bank to launch another lifestyle The Group has been in the negotiation stage with potential partnership banks. No agreement is finalised yet. Continue to play a leadership role in expanding CUP card acceptance service and coverage in Thailand and plan to establish a comprehensive merchants’ network throughout major With the on-going political instability in Thailand, the Group has slowed down its development of the card acceptance business in Thailand. The Directors will closely monitor the political situation in Thailand and adjust the use of proceeds according to the actual development. Expand its merchants’ base in processing CUP card acceptance Foreign investment license, business license and tax license for carrying out business in Laos have been obtained successfully in the first quarter of year 2010. In addition, the Group became the first participation member of Lao Central Payment Network (LCPN), a central electronic network for Laos which provides the service of clearing electronic transactions. Business will be commenced after the approval from CUP is obtained. As disclosed in the Company’s interim report for the six months ended 30 September 2009, the net proceeds from the issue of new shares of the Company under the placing as set out in the Prospectus (the “Placing”) were approximately HK$20.5 million, which was different from the estimated net proceeds of approximately HK$29 million (estimated on the assumption that the placing price would be the mid-point of the stated range as stated in the Prospectus). We intend to adjust the use of proceeds in the same manner and in the same proportion as shown in the Prospectus. As stated in the Prospectus, we plan to expand the Group’s card acceptance business and co-branded card partnership business in the forthcoming future. The net proceeds from Placing were applied by the Company in accordance with the Directors’ assessment of the development of the market condition as follows: as stated in the prospectus 31 march 2010 31 March 2010 Co-branded card business Card acceptance business General working capital Total Notes: The business objectives as stated in the Prospectus were based on the best estimation of the future market conditions made by the Group at the time of preparing the Prospectus. The use of proceeds was applied in accordance with the actual development of the market. Since the Listing, the Group proceeded to commence with its expansion and business development. The remaining proceeds were partially applied by the end of March 2010 in order for the Group to specially monitor the on-going and developing situation of political instability in Thailand and its implications for the Group’s CUP card acceptance business; On its co-branded card business, the Group is at the negotiation stage on the detailed partnership terms with potential partnership banks. During the year, the Group focused on the Pacific-OCG Golf Card usage and promotion campaigns for the Pacific-OCG Golf Card in Hainan Province, China. On its card acceptance business, as a consequence of the on-going political instability in Thailand the Group has been expanding cautiously in Thailand, and is continuing to monitor the travelling pattern of mainland Chinese tourists closely in Thailand. The Group was in the final negotiation and development stage for expanding the card acceptance business in the country of Laos (located next to Thailand) during the year. The foreign investment license, business license and tax license in respect of such business in Laos were applied for and were issued successfully in the first quarter of 2010. The business will commence after the approval from CUP is obtained. On the Group’s expenditure relating to working capital, it mainly consisted of the payment of general and administrative expenses, including staff costs (including directors’ remuneration), professional fees and other general operating expenses. The HK$92,000 used in excess of the intended usage of proceeds was from the proceeds originally The remaining net proceeds as at 31 March 2010 have been placed in interest-bearing deposit account in banks in Hong Kong. The Group was listed on GEM of the Stock Exchange on 2 August 2009. The net proceeds raised from the Listing amounted to HK$20.5 million which helped the Group to strengthen its foundation for its further development. In view of the political unrest in Thailand, the Board is exploring our card acceptance network in Laos market with CUP and also considering reallocating a portion of the use of proceeds in order to diversify the business risk of the Group. The Group is identifying and exploring new business opportunities for enhancing its revenue on a stable and long term basis. The Board will continue to seek for the best interest of the shareholders of the Company in relation to new business opportunities. The Group’s revenue for the year amounted to approximately HK$12,44,000, representing an increase of approximately 0% as compared to approximately HK$,0,000 for the corresponding period in 2009. The increase in the Group’s revenue was mainly due to the significant increase in CUP card acceptance transaction volume as a result of the increase of the POS terminals and the growing number of Chinese tourists in Thailand for the year. The transaction volume reached approximately Baht 2,3 million (equivalent to approximately HK$33 million) for the year ended 31 March 2010 compared to approximately Baht 1,04 million (equivalent to approximately HK$3 million) for the year ended 31 March 2009. The transaction volume was further boosted up as a result of the increase in the POS terminals by 29 from last year. However, the favorable impact from the increased POS terminals is not expected to continue in the coming year given that the participation agreement with SCB was terminated in May 2010. As a result of SCB’s termination of this participation, the merchants introduced by SCB have been lost and the number of POS terminals operated by the Group after the termination of the participation agreement has dropped substantially from 499 to 15 as at 31 March 2010 and 12 May 2010 respectively. Further, the Directors consider that the on-going political instability in Bangkok may also lead to adverse impact to the Group in the following year. Cost of services rendered of the Group increased by approximately 2% from approximately HK$5,104,000 for the year ended 31 March 2009 to approximately HK$,25,000 for the year ended 31 March 2010. The increase was mainly derived from more cost of services payable to CUP incurred as a result of the increase in transaction volume during the year. The gross profit for the year was approximately HK$4,19,000, representing an increase of approximately 55% from the year ended 31 March 2009. This was primarily attributable to the increase in card acceptance fee income and the marketing service fee. The gross profit margin remains stable at 34% and 35% for the years ended 31 March 2010 and 2009 respectively. The general administrative expenses of the Group for the year amounted to approximately HK$4,525,000, representing an increase of approximately 111% as compared to 2009. The increase in administrative expenses was mainly due to general increase in administrative and operating expenses, including rental expenses, staff costs (including directors’ remuneration), professional fees and the costs incurred in connection with the Listing after 2 August 2009. The selling and distribution costs for the year amounted to approximately HK$4,000, representing an increase of approximately HK$129,000 compared with the corresponding period in 2009. The increase was mainly due to the introduction of marketing research activity relating to the development for Laos market and the promotion campaign for the Pacific-OCG Golf Card program in Hainan Province during the year. The finance costs for the year amounted to approximately HK$40,000 which represented (i) interest payment for an unsecured short term loan from an independent third party, which was financed to settle the amount due to related parties before the Listing; and (ii) 9% dividend payable to a minority shareholder in respect of the issue and paid up preference share capital of OCG Thailand. No finance cost was incurred for the year ended 31 March 2009. The net loss attributable to equity holders of the Company was approximately HK$1,9,000 for the year compared with approximately HK$145,000 for the corresponding period in 2009. The loss was mainly attributable to the general increase in administrative and operating expenses. In addition, the Group recorded a deferred tax credit amounting to approximately HK$30,000 for the year ended 31 March 2009 which was the initial recognition in that year, but for current year, no such further deferred tax credit was recorded and income tax expenses of approximately HK$44,000 were recognised. The Group financed its operation through internally generated cash flows and other borrowings. As at 31 March 2010, the Group’s other long-term borrowings amounted to Thai Baht (“Baht”) 1,35,000 (equivalent to approximately HK$329,000) due to a minority shareholder, representing the issued and paid up preference share capital of OCG Thailand, which carries cumulative dividend at 9% per annum and such dividend was recorded as finance costs. The gearing ratio of the Group, calculated as a ratio of total borrowings to total assets, was approximately 1% as at 31 March 2010 (31 March 2009: approximately 21%). As at 31 March 2010, the Group had net current assets of approximately HK$22,31,000 (2009: approximately HK$2,1,000). Current ratio as at 31 March 2010 was 10.9 (2009: 1.2). The bank and cash position of the Group as at 31 March 2010 was approximately HK$22,4,000 (2009: approximately HK$5,000). The improvement of gearing ratio and the current ratio were attributable to the funds raised from issuance of 150,000,000 ordinary shares pursuant to the Placing on 2 August 2009. Total equity attributable to equity holders of the Company amounted to approximately HK$21,40,000 as at 31 March 2010 (2009: approximately HK$2,5,000). The increase was mainly due to the funds raised from the Placing as discussed above. The Group is exposed to foreign exchange rate risk as the Group’s revenue is principally dominated in Renminbi (“RMB”) and Baht while its operating expenditure is principally denominated in RMB, Baht and Hong Kong dollar. Further, the Group also received United States dollars from the operation of CUP card acceptance business in Thailand. Apart from the receipt of CUP foreign exchange rate discount income on discount to the spot foreign exchange rate of the United States dollars against Baht, the Group has not made other arrangement to hedge against the exchange rate risk involved in the Group’s revenue and expenditure. The Directors and management will continue to monitor the foreign exchange exposure and will consider entering into forward contracts and utilising applicable derivatives to hedge out the exchange risk when necessary. As at 31 March 2010, our Group did not have any derivatives for hedging against the interest and exchange rate risk. For the year ended 31 March 2010, the Group recorded a revenue of approximately HK$12,44,000 (2009: approximately HK$,0,000) and a net loss attributable to equity holders of the Company of approximately HK$1,9,000 as compared to approximately HK$145,000 for the corresponding period in the previous financial year. The basic losses per share was 0.35 HK cents (2009: 0.03 HK cents). The Board does not recommend the payment of a final dividend in respect of the year ended 31 March 2010 (2009: Nil). As at 31 March 2010, the Group had a total staff of 12 (31 March 2009: 10) of whom 4 were based in Hong Kong, 5 were based in Thailand and the remaining staff were based in the PRC. The Group develops its human resources policies and procedures based on performance, merit and market conditions. Discretionary bonus is linked to the performance of the Group as well as individual performance. The benefits provided by the Group to its employees include discretionary bonuses, medical schemes and share options. The Group also arranges its staff for training to enhance their skills and knowledge. As disclosed in the Prospectus, on 2 April 2009, Oriental City Group Thailand Limited, a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company, exercised its option pursuant to the share purchase option agreement dated 22 June 2005 to buy back from Mr. Panthong Limpkittisin, a former shareholder of OCG Thailand, his prior 11% holding of ordinary shares in OCG Thailand for a consideration of Baht ,500 (equivalent to approximately HK$14,000). Save as disclosed above, the Group had no material acquisitions, disposals or did it make significant investments during the year ended 31 March 2010. As at 31 March 2010, the Group had capital expenditure contracted for but not provided in the consolidated financial statements amounting to HK$225,000 (2009: Nil). As at 31 March 2010, the Group did not have any charges on its assets. As at 31 March 2010, the Group did not have any significant contingent liabilities. 