The Board has resolved not to declare an interim dividend for the six months ended June 30, 2016 (2015 interim: nil). In the reporting period ended June 30, 2016, the Group achieved substantial business development on the back of significant capital and resource devotion. In this period, the Group continued building an innovative platform centered around its internet-based promotion and distribution system and integrating content creation and other related businesses spanning the entire entertainment industry value chain. Achieving certain magnitude, the platform is beginning to gain industry influence and form its unique entertainment ecosystem. In addition, the Group made good progress in expanding and enhancing the capabilities and services of its platform, which began to draw an increasing amount of business activities and experienced a robust growth of revenue. The Group continues to implement corporate strategies that will lay solid foundation for its sustainable development. For the first half of 2016, the Group recorded revenue of RMB257.3 million, an increase of 1022% from the same period in the previous year. The increase was primarily generated by the internet-based promotion and distribution segment, which includes Guangdong Yueke Software Engineering Company Limited (“Yueke”), which was acquired in June 2015. The Group’s internet-based promotion and distribution business has been well positioned to benefit from the overall box office growth and the increasing adoption of online movie ticketing in China. According to the State Administration of Radio, Film and Television, the overall box office revenues in the PRC exceeded RMB24.5 billion for the first half of 2016, compared with RMB20.4 billion in the first half of 2015. Over the last several years, online movie ticketing has grown rapidly in China due to several factors. The convenience of ticket purchase and seat selection, and price discounts provided by many of the online movie ticketing platforms are among the major reasons for inducing a large portion of movie- viewers to begin or develop the habit of online movie ticket purchase. By the Group’s estimate, more than 70% of all movie tickets sold in China are being purchased through online movie ticketing platforms. Our core operating asset Tao Piao Piao has emerged as one of the leading players in this fast developing O2O business segment. For the first half of 2016, the Group recorded a net loss of RMB465.7 million, compared with RMB151.8 million for the same period in the previous year. The increase in net loss was primarily attributable to Tao Piao Piao’s marketing expenses. Tao Piao Piao has incurred these expenses, which consisted mainly of ticket subsidies to movie-viewers, to successfully build its user base. Utilizing this market strategy, Tao Piao Piao’s market share has grown sharply and is now one of the leading online movie ticketing platforms in China. Tao Piao Piao offers online ticketing and seat selection services in more than 5,000 theaters nationwide, covering 95% of the country’s total box office. In May 2016, a group of series A investors, led by CDH Investments, Ant Financial Services Group, and Sina.com, invested RMB1.7 billion into Tao Piao Piao for a 12.4% stake. The proceeds serve to support Tao Piao Piao’s operations (including to further enhance user experience) and further strengthen its market position. As the Group continues to invest in Tao Piao Piao, it will also adjust and optimize Tao Piao Piao’s business model with respect to market conditions. OVERVIEW (Continued) In terms of our overall operations, steady progress has been made in each of our four major business segments: (i) Content Production, (ii) Internet-based Promotion and Distribution, (iii) Entertainment E-commerce, and (iv) International Operations. Details are further elaborated in the BUSINESS REVIEW section below. Content creation often involves significant upfront capital and time investment. In the first half of 2016, progress has been made on various projects. Ferry Man ( ), a film produced by Wong Kar Wai and featuring Tony Leung and a string of other popular actors and actresses, has finished production and is slated to be released in the second half of 2016. The filming for Three Lives Three Worlds Ten Miles of Peach Blossom ( ), a film adaptation of the acclaimed Chinese fantasy romance novel of the same name, has been completed and its visual effect is currently being developed. This film is scheduled for a 2017 release. Other major projects in early stage development include The Heroic Age ( ) and ZhengTu ( ). The Heroic Age ( ) will be based on the popular fantasy adventure novel of the same name, while ZhengTu ( ) will derive its themes from the widely popular game of the same name. Both of these films will feature industry leading visual effects on par with Hollywood productions. As the Group is still in an expansion cycle in terms of content production, this business segment recorded revenue of RMB21.5 million and segment gain of RMB3.9 million for the six months ended June 30, 2016, primarily derived from investments in TV dramas including Tou Hao Qian Qi ( ). For the same period in 2015, the Group recorded segment revenue and loss of RMB11.5 million and RMB59.1 million, respectively, for the content production business segment. For the first half of 2016, the Group made substantial effort in integrating the online movie ticketing platform Tao Piao Piao with the Group’s existing resources and improving its overall business profile. Combining both online and on-the-ground promotional and distribution capabilities, Tao Piao Piao has strengthened its core competency and differentiated itself from some of its competitors. In May 2016, it raised RMB1.7 billion from a group of series A investors including CDH Investments, Ant Financial Services Group, Sina. com and various movie industry participants such as Hehe Pictures, BONA Film Group, Zhejiang Huace Film & TV, demonstrating wide recognition by the industry towards its business strategy, market prospects and operational capability. With a post money valuation of RMB13.7 billion, Tao Piao Piao will utilize the proceeds from series A financing to support its operations and implement its business strategies. INTERNET-BASED PROMOTION AND DISTRIBUTION (Continued) Given the overall box office growth and rising trend of online movie ticketing, Yueke has continued to deliver solid performance in the first half of 2016, contributing to the Group’s year-on-year revenue growth. The profit generating Yueke has started to work closely with head office and other business lines of the Group to explore the development of more service offerings for cinema operators. In terms of financial results, the Group’s internet-based promotion and distribution business line generated RMB212.0 million of revenue in the first six months of 2016, an increase from RMB10.3 million for the same period in the previous year. In the interim period, the segment loss was RMB373.6 million, compared with RMB15.6 million in the corresponding period in 2015. Yueke’s increased profits were offset by Tao Piao Piao’s marketing expenses, which were mainly incurred for attracting movie-goers to use its online ticketing function. The Group’s entertainment e-commerce segment consists of two main functions – C2B financing for entertainment projects and merchandising. Yulebao, which serves as a C2B financing platform for entertainment related projects, was fully acquired from Alibaba Group on December 31, 2015. The Group has been re-evaluating its ongoing commercial strategies, in the context of aiming to increase investors’ interests and participation in their invested projects. The Group also follows closely on the latest developments with respect to regulations on P2P financings in the PRC. IP-centric merchandise is an important business initiative for the Group. We have licensed a number of products for sale and established our flagship sales outlets on first-rate web-based platforms such as Tmall. com. In addition, the Group has also obtained several IP rights for merchandise development and will be involved in the conceptual design of potential products. Yulebao will provide various professional services which align with the Big Data objectives of Alibaba Group, with a focus on design, production techniques and marketing channels. The collaborations between the Group and Hollywood film studios on various films with respect to merchandise have advanced steadily. As the merchandise business was in an early stage of development, the Group’s E-commerce business line recorded RMB2.0 million in revenue and RMB13.4 million in segment loss for the first six months of 2016, compared with RMB1.0 million in revenue and RMB1.1 million in segment loss for the same period in 2015. Following last year’s Mission: Impossible – Rogue Nation, the Group has collaborated with Paramount Pictures on two more projects – Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles: Out of the Shadows and Star Trek Beyond. For both films, the Group invests in the projects and provide promotional activities in the PRC. Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles: Out of the Shadows has been released in early July in the PRC, while Star Trek Beyond is scheduled to be released in September 2016 in the PRC. In addition, the Group has partnered with Skydance Media for the production of Flying Tigers, a film about a group of volunteer pilots from the US Air Force, Navy and Marine Corps who fought alongside the Chinese during World War II. The Group continues to explore various opportunities to work with global talents on industry leading projects. INTERNATIONAL OPERATIONS (Continued) In terms of financial performance, for the first six months of 2016 the International Operations business line recorded revenue of RMB21.8 million (2015 interim: nil) and segment loss of RMB48.9 million (2015 interim: nil). The loss was primarily attributable to provision made for the film Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles: Out of the Shadows, as a result of its global box office performance. The Group continues to source blockbuster IPs and film projects both domestically and internationally. Meanwhile, due to the strategic importance and immense potential of its internet-based promotion and distribution unit, the Group is committed to invest the necessary resources to further advance the market positions of Tao Piao Piao and Yueke. In terms of entertainment merchandise, although it is still at an early stage of development in the PRC, it is highly valued by studios for certain film projects. Its growth is expected to be in-line with the overall increase of variety and creativity in content creation. As each of its business segments advanced steadily, the Group expects to see a substantial increase in revenue in the second half of 2016, compared with the first half. As the Group works to strengthen each of its business segments, it continues to enrich its ecosystem, which remains a key part of its long term strategic goals. In a fast growing and developing industry, the Group continues to source and evaluate potential investment or acquisition opportunities that can be beneficial to the Group’s overall strategic growth in the industry. Based on its existing platform, the Group has researched the current competitive landscape of cinema lines in the PRC and evaluated the commercial opportunities in this segment. Recently the Group announced investments in selected cinema operators, where it is exploring the possibility of using its existing data, internet know-how and resources to improve the operational efficiency of cinemas. Continuing to discover new business initiatives that can potentially add value to the Group’s vertically integrated model continues to be at the forefront of our efforts. In the second quarter of 2016, Alibaba Group announced that its key media-related investments, including Youku Tudou, UCWeb and OTT TV were combined into a Digital Media and Entertainment unit that would be under a unified management structure. Alibaba Pictures is expected to work more closely with Alibaba Group’s Digital Media and Entertainment unit, which includes also Alibaba Music, Alibaba Literature and Alibaba Sports. The synergies derived from tighter collaborations will potentially accelerate development and catalyze future growth for the Group. 