According to the First Half 2016 China Annual Economic Report issued by the National Bureau of Statistics of China, China’s gross domestic product for the first half of 2016 grew by 6.7% year-on-year, 0.2 percentage points lower than the annual growth rate for 2015. Retail sales of consumer products market for the first half of 2016 grew by 9.7% year-on-year, 0.4 percentage points lower than the annual growth rate for 2015. In the first half of 2016, the Chinese economy maintained steady growth, though the overall growth rate has decreased. With the PRC domestic and overseas economic outlook remains challenging, there is still downward pressure on overall economy, which will also affect the consumer products and the food and snacks market. As a renowned PRC domestic food and snacks company with strong brand recognition, Qinqin Foodstuffs Group (Cayman) Company Limited (the “Company”, together with its subsidiaries known as the “Group”), are committed to providing safe and high quality products. The Group continued to optimise its products portfolio in order to improve product competitiveness for meeting changing consumer preferences and to increase market share. The Group also continued to strengthen its distribution network and explore new market channels to capture new business opportunities contributed to the demand of upgrade of food and snacks products due to the improvement in PRC consumers’ lifestyle and purchasing power. On 8 July 2016, the shares of the Company were successfully listed on the Main Board of The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the “Stock Exchange”), this major milestone has set up a platform to enable the management team of the Group to focus on the development of the food and snacks business. The Group’s total revenue for the first half of 2016 was approximately RMB617.7 million (first half of 2015: RMB687.7 million), representing a decrease of approximately 10.2% over the same period last year. Gross profit for the period was approximately RMB280.8 million (first half of 2015: RMB303.5 million), representing a decrease of approximately 7.5% over the same period last year. The decline was mainly attributable to during the first half of 2016, the Group did not engage in any sales and marketing campaign of a scale similar to an enhanced sales and marketing campaign it conducted in the first half of 2015 which had a short term positive effect on the revenue and gross profit for the first half of 2015. In the first half of 2016, the Group’s gross profit margin increased to approximately 45.5% (first half of 2015: 44.1%). Profit attributable to the Company’s shareholders during the period was approximately RMB19.2 million (first half of 2015: RMB35.7 million), the decrease was mainly attributable to the recognition of one-off listing expenses of approximately RMB21.5 million by the Group during the first half of 2016. Net profit ratio for the period before one-off listing expenses, net of related tax impact, was approximately 6.4% (first half of 2015: 5.2%). Effective tax rate for the first half of 2016 increased to approximately 47.6% (first half of 2015: 24.5%) as the Group has paid dividend withholding tax on the amount of dividend remitted to holding company out of mainland China during the period and has provided dividend withholding tax for the dividend which may be remitted in the foreseeable future. Sales of jelly products for the first half of 2016 were approximately RMB383.1 million (first half of 2015: RMB478.3 million), representing a decrease of approximately 19.9% over the same period last year and accounting for 62.0% (first half of 2015: 69.5%) of total revenue of the Group. Since the first half of 2016, the Group continued to optimise its product portfolio and upgraded the packaging of its major jelly products. Except as stated above regarding the enhanced sales and marketing campaign that the Group conducted in the first half of 2015 but not in the first half of 2016, the decrease in the sales of jelly products was also attributable to the revised inventory strategies of distributors, which they preferred to lower inventory level to maintain product freshness. A widespread flooding in Southern China during the peak season of our jelly sales and fierce price competition amongst competitors, all of which had a negative impact on jelly sales. In addition, slowing Chinese economy also contributed to the decreased consumer spending on non-necessities products in the Group’s target markets. In the second half of 2016, the Group will further intensify its efforts in product innovation, devote more efforts into the marketing and promotion of our new jelly products and enhance brand recognition. It is expected that sales of jelly products will improve in the second half of the year. Sales of crackers and chips for the first half of 2016 were approximately RMB155.1 million (first half of 2015: RMB129.8 million), representing an increase of approximately 19.5% over the same period last year and accounting for 25.1% (first half of 2015: 18.9%) of total revenue of the Group. The increase in the sales of crackers and chips was mainly attributable to the launch and promotion of new products including potato chips, Qinqin potato rings and french fries, as well as the continuous improvement in the packaging and flavours of prawn crackers products. As such, potato crackers and chips and prawn crackers products recorded year-on-year growth for the first half of the year. In the second half of 2016, the Group will further diversify and improve the flavours of prawn crackers products and potato chips, the Group will also continue to upgrade the packaging of potato chips and expand its potato chips markets from Northern China to Southern China in order to maintain the growth of sales of crackers and chips. Sales of seasoning products for the first half of 2016 were approximately RMB59.8 million (first half of 2015: RMB53.5 million), representing an increase of approximately 11.7% over the same period last year and accounting for 9.7% (first half of 2015: 7.8%) of total revenue of the Group. The increase in sales of seasoning products was mainly attributable to the launch of new products including essence of vegetable and rich chicken essence, and the new promotional campaign to promote sales in the first half of 2016. In the second half of 2016, the Group will continue to strengthen our marketing and promotion efforts for seasoning products through two major sales channels, namely food and beverage markets and agricultural trade and wholesale markets. The Group will also allocate more resources to the promotion of seaweed products in order to maintain the growth of sales of seasoning products. Sales of bakery, confectionery and other products for the first half of 2016 were approximately RMB19.8 million (first half of 2015: RMB26.1 million), representing a decrease of approximately 24.3% over the same period last year and accounting for 3.2% (first half of 2015: 3.8%) of total revenue of the Group. Bakery products include waffles and steamed custard cakes. Sales of waffles still grew by 36.0% for the first half of the year, while sales of custard cakes decreased by 46.0% over the same period last year as a result of fierce price competition amongst competitors and absence of new product upgrade. Sales of confectionery products decreased by 47.0% year-on-year due to seasonal factor. With the seasonality of confectionery product sales, which are generally at peak in the second half of 2016, the Group will organise trade fairs in various regions for its customers to place orders for confectionery products, and it is expected that sales of confectionery products will improve in the second half of the year. While the Group continued to strengthen our traditional distribution network, in the first half of 2016, the Group has enhanced its coverage of key accounts (mostly supermarkets, community stores and convenience stores) through its distributors. The Group’s main focus was on Guangdong, Zhejiang, Hebei and Henan provinces and its point of sales have been expanded to 45 new stores in these four provinces in the first half of the year, which also increased its distribution network coverage accordingly. In addition, the Group will also continue to expand its online sales channels. In response to the new normal sales order preference from its customers which favoured multiple batches, small volume and customised orders, the Group has refined its production plan in order to optimise order production efficiency and to improve order fulfilment rate, whilst minimising its level of inventories at the same time. The Group set a maximum limit of inventory level by products to ensure product freshness. To further enhance production efficiency, the Group aimed to reduce the impact of increasing labor costs by increasingly automating our production facilities. The Group believes that a more advanced and automated production process with an upgraded production capability will allow the Group to reduce its reliance on labour, improve production efficiency and accelerate the time-to-market for our products. In addition, the Group continued to adopt measures to save energy and lower consumption and products defective rate. Looking forward to the second half of 2016, the PRC domestic and overseas economic outlook remains challenging. There have been signs of initial general economic recovery for the second half of 2016 and the Group believes the expected long term steady growth of the Chinese economy will drive up consumer purchasing power, which provides positive support for the improvement in the performance of the food and snacks market. To capture the opportunities in the PRC food and snacks market, the Group will strive to expand our product portfolio to meet changing consumer preferences and continue to enhance its brand recognition. The Group will continue to strengthen its distribution network in the PRC by enhancing existing relationships with distributors and its coverage to key accounts through distributors and expand online sales platform to increase sales. The Group will upgrade its production facilities and equipment to improve production efficiency and capability and will continue to uphold stringent food safety and quality control standards. In order to drive up sales, the Group will also intensify its efforts in market planning and brand promotion. Through internal and external design teams to improve stylishness and individuality of its products and to revitalise brand awareness. With its strong brand recognition and nation-wide distribution network and channels, the Group is confident that it will maintain steady business growth and create greater value for its shareholders. The Group maintained a solid financial position and was in a net cash position as at 30 June 2016. As at 30 June 2016, the Group had cash and bank balances of RMB336.3 million (31 December 2015: RMB220.4 million). Cash and bank balances were mainly denominated in Hong Kong dollars, United States dollars and Chinese Renminbi. The Group’s working capital or net current assets were RMB257.3 million (31 December 2015: RMB231.6 million). The current ratio, represented by current assets divided by current liabilities, was 2.6 (31 December 2015: 2.8). As at 30 June 2016, the Group’s total equity was RMB666.9 million (31 December 2015: RMB645.2 million), representing an increase of 3.4%. The Group did not have any borrowings as at 30 June 2016 (31 December 2015: Nil). As at 30 June 2016, the Group had total capital commitments (contracted but not provided for) of RMB8.6 million (31 December 2015: RMB8.5 million). As at 30 June 2016, the Group had future aggregate minimum lease payments under non-cancellable operating leases of RMB4.4 million (31 December 2015: RMB2.9 million). As at 30 June 2016, the lessors of our leased properties in Taian city, Shandong province and Xianyang, Shaanxi province were still in the process of obtaining the relevant title documents to the properties. The Group had no material contingent liabilities as at 30 June 2016 and 31 December 2015. Save for those disclosed in this Interim Report, there were no other significant investments held, nor were there any material acquisitions or disposals of subsidiaries, associates and joint ventures during the period under review. There was no charge on the Group’s assets during the period under review. As at 30 June 2016, the Group had approximately 3,000 employees. The Group aims to create a strong sense of community and a motivating environment for its employees to excel. The Group recruit employees based on a number of factors, including their educational background, work experience and vacancies within the Group. The Group determines employees’ compensation based on their qualifications, work experience, position and performance. In addition to salaries, the Group provides a comprehensive range of staff benefits to its employees, including performance or contribution-based bonuses and allowances for meals and free dormitories. The Group also committed to continuing education and development of its employees, and the Group provides various education and training programs both internally and externally to cultivate its employees in improving their skills and developing their potential. The Group operates its businesses primarily in the PRC and its functional currency is RMB. Foreign exchange risk arises mainly from future commercial transactions of sales and purchases with overseas customers and suppliers by the Group and recognised assets or liabilities, such as cash and cash equivalent, and trade and other receivables and payables of its subsidiaries, which are denominated in Hong Kong Dollar, United States Dollar and other currencies. The Group is exposed to minimal foreign exchange risk exposure as the Group focused on its sales and purchase within the PRC market. No interim dividend was declared by the Board for the six months ended 30 June 2016 (30 June 2015: Nil). 