After the disposal of the Qinhuangdao business at the end of 2016, the Group ended the running of many years of steel business. During the year, an open offer of 8,957,896,227 shares of the Company was completed by the Group on the basis of one open offer share for every one share to the existing shareholders with a net proceeds of approximately HK$2 billion, and the Group also successfully acquired the equity interest of (Beijing-Hebei Co-development Exhibition Zone (Tangshan) Fund Management Co., Ltd. #) (“Jingji”) and (Shouzhong Investment Management Co., Ltd.#) (“Shouzhong”). It consolidated the business foundation for the Group by virtue of diversifying its business into private fund management and car park operation in the PRC together with the original trading business of iron ore. At the same time, through investment in two associates listed in Hong Kong, Shougang Fushan Resources Group Limited (“Shougang Resources”) and Shougang Concord Century Holdings Limited (“Shougang Century”), the businesses of the Group include exploration and sales of hard coking coal and manufacture of steel cord for radial tyres and sawing wires; processing and trading of copper and brass products in China. The Group witnessed the encouraging performance in the first annual results right after the disposal of steel business, which switched from substantial loss for many years to the profit of HK$57 million for the year. The significant improvement in performance was mainly due to the off-loading of substantial loss for steel business in the past. In addition, the performance of the major associate was also outstanding, driving the Group’s performance upward. Loss attributable to shareholders before share of PERFORMANCE REVIEW (continued) For the year ended 31 December/ Earnings (loss) per share (HK cent) (5.27) (12.67) (17.94) Gearing ratio* The Group’s profit attributable to shareholders for the year ended 31 December 2017 was HK$57 million as compared to the loss of HK$1,621 million for the same period last year. The Group’s continuing operating business recorded a consolidated turnover of HK$3,816 million, representing an increase of 268.5% over the same period last year. The earnings per share for the period was 0.56 HK cent and the loss per share for the last year was 17.94 HK cents. * Gearing ratio is defined as bank loans less cash and bank balances divided by shareholders’ funds. Year ended 31 December 2017 compared to the year ended 31 December 2016 The Group recorded consolidated turnover from continuing operations of HK$3,816 million for this year, represented an increase of 268.5% when comparing to HK$1,036 million last year. The increase in turnover was mainly due to surge in trading volume of iron ore and the increase in average selling price (“ASP”). Cost of sales from continuing operations for the period was HK$3,807 million, up 286.0% when comparing to HK$986 million last year. Increase in cost of sales was also attributable to the surge in trading volume of iron ore. Gross profit from continuing operations for the year was HK$9 million. The gross profit ratio was 0.2% in this year, while it was 4.8% in last year. The decrease in gross profit ratio was mainly because there were still inventory of medium grade iron ore provided by Mount Gibson Iron Limited (“Mt. Gibson”) for trading purpose under the offtake agreements entered into with Mt. Gibson, and the agreements include rebate on marketing commission for purchase of iron ore from Mt. Gibson in last period. Besides, trading of medium grade iron ore brought higher gross profit margin than trading of mainstream minerals. Therefore, although the Group devoted much effort in procurement from other suppliers so as to drive the trading volume, the gross profit margin in this period was lower as there were more rebates on marketing commission and the trading of special graded iron ore in last year. For the year under review, earnings before interest, tax, depreciation, amortization, impairment loss and net losses relating to commodity contracts of the Group for the continuing operations was HK$223 million (2016: HK$26 million). For the year under review, finance costs for the continuing operations amounted to HK$17 million, 44.0% lower than that of last year. The decrease in finance costs was mainly due to the decrease in the overall loan amounts of the Group. In this year, we have shared a profit of HK$273 million from Shougang Resources and shared a loss of HK$24 million from Shougang Century, whereas for the last year, the share of profit from Shougang Resources and Shougang Century were HK$5 million and HK$4 million respectively. FINANCIAL REVIEW (continued) There is no tax expense in this year, whereas for the last year, the tax expense was HK$49 million. The tax in last year was mainly due to the under-provision of taxation in previous years. Summary of net profit (loss) contribution to the group by operation/entity: Attributable Fair value loss on iron ore offtake agreements with Impairment loss on the goodwill in relation to the REVIEW OF OPERATIONS (continued) The trading business of the Group mainly involves the trading of iron ore imported by the PRC. Iron ore is a vital raw material for the manufacturing of steel, while steel is one of the important material widely applied in our daily life, including development of infrastructures, real estates, shipbuilding, railways, industrial machineries, automobiles and home appliances, etc. Currently, the steel production of the PRC accounts for approximately 50% of the world’s production, which makes the PRC the world’s leading steel manufacturer and iron ore consumer. With better quality, imported iron ore helps reducing substantial mining and processing costs for steel manufacturing, therefore, there is strong demand for imported iron ore in the PRC. Below is the iron ore price movement for the year ended 31 December 2017. The trading of iron ore imported by the PRC was facing increasing difficulties. Based on actual conditions, the Group adjusted its business mode and started to adopt hedging tools such as iron ore futures/swap to reduce the operational risks of its trading business. REVIEW OF OPERATIONS (continued) Continuing operations (continued) Trading business (continued) Trading business recorded turnover of HK$3,812 million for the year ended 31 December 2017, representing an increase of 269.4% when comparing to the same period of last year. Ever since 2009, the trading business had mainly involved trading of iron ore pursuant to the offtake agreements entered into with Mt. Gibson. However, the amount of iron ore provided by Mt. Gibson to the Group dropped significantly following the suspension of the Koolan Island mine of Mt. Gibson due to the occurrence of seawall slump and flooding in late 2014. From last year, the Group started to generate more sources of procurement from other suppliers so as to increase the trading volume. During the year, sales volume of approximately 7,375,000 tonnes of iron ore was achieved in trading business, representing a rise of 206.7% when comparing to the same period of last year, and the selling price also ascended 22.9% to US$66.6 per ton. While turnover rose, gross profit margin dropped. The decrease in gross profit margin was due to the sale of the inventories of medium grade iron ore in the same period last year provided by Mt. Gibson under the offtake agreements entered into with Mt. Gibson, and the agreements include rebate on marketing commission for purchase of the iron ore from Mt. Gibson. Besides, trading of medium grade iron ore brought higher gross profit margin than trading of mainstream minerals at that time. In addition, due to the rapid changes of market, the trading segment has made loss on iron ore commodity trading contract in the amount of HK$73 million and made provision on trade receivables of HK$25 million, thus led to a net loss of HK$99 million for the year, while net profit of HK$35 million was recorded last year. In December 2016, the Group entered into another offtake agreement with Mt. Gibson for the purchase of about one fourth of the first year’s production volume of iron ore from Iron Hill, a new project of Mt. Gibson. The offtake agreement has a term of 12 months, with subscription price to be determined based on CFR after taking consideration of the market price with reference to Platts Iron Ore Index, plus general market premium on iron lump, and penalties in relation to the purity of the iron ore. Under the terms of the CFR, supplier needs to arrange shipment of the goods to the destination port of the buyer at the cost of the supplier. The Group is entitled to extend the term of the agreement to a maximum of 12 months. The agreement has been approved by the regulatory bodies in Australia during the year and has officially come into effect after obtaining the approval from the shareholders of Mt. Gibson at the general meeting of Mt. Gibson in April 2017. In December 2017, the Group entered into another offtake agreement in respect of the iron ore purchase from Iron Hill mine, which further optimized the procurement costs for the purchase of iron ore from Iron Hill mine. However, the new agreement is also subject to the passing at the general meeting of Mt. Gibson before it officially comes into effect. REVIEW OF OPERATIONS (continued) Continuing operations (continued) Trading business (continued) Mt. Gibson has also announced the recovery plan for Koolan Island mine during the year, which states that Mt. Gibson decided to resume the production of Koolan Island mine based on its results of feasibility study and technical assessments on Koolan Island mine. The preliminary results shows that the mine has a reserve of iron ore (66% Fe) of 12,800,000 tonnes and an estimated life of 3.5 years. It is expected that the mine will restart the sales of iron ore at the beginning of 2019. In addition, the potential production of 7,000,000 tonnes for the second phase is still under assessment. Under the offtake agreements, the Group is required to purchase 80% of Koolan Island’s annual production. It is expected that Koolan Island mine will contribute more turnover to the Group after resuming production. On 13 December 2017, the Group completed the acquisition of 95% equity interest in Jingji held by (Beijing Shougang Fund Co., Ltd.#) (“Shougang Fund”). Furthermore, the Group acquired the remaining 5% equity interest in Jingji before the end of the year, therefore, Jingji became a wholly- owned subsidiary of the Group. The aggregate consideration for the Group’s acquisition of Jingji amounted to approximately HK$287 million. Jingji is principally engaged in the private fund management business in the PRC. By the end of 2017, there are 14 funds managed by Jingji with a total scale of RMB10.5 billion and the fund holders had so far contributed RMB6.2 billion. The scope of fund investment mainly includes infrastructure, new energy and environmental protection. In recent years, the private fund industry has experienced the promising prospects with its on-going rapid growth of fund scale in the PRC. The growing momentum of the private fund market in the PRC will continue to be strong. The Group expects that in the foreseeable future, the management fee income from the provision of private fund management services will achieve sustainable and rapid-growth revenue. As the fund manager, Jingji Group is usually the general partner. In line with the industry practice of private fund, the general partner shall invest in a minority stake of the funds under its management so as to share its investment return. At the end of 2017, Jingji Group held a basket of interest in the minority stake of funds totaling HK$122 million. REVIEW OF OPERATIONS (continued) Continuing operations (continued) The Group completed the acquisition of 40% equity interest in Shouzhong held by Shougang Fund on 21 December 2017. Besides, an additional approximately 4.94% equity interest in Shouzhong was acquired by the Group before the end of the year, therefore, the Group holds approximately 44.94% of the aggregate equity interest in Shouzhong. The total consideration for the Group’s acquisition of Shouzhong is approximately HK$153 million. Furthermore, RMB71.2 million (HK$85 million) was also contributed to Shouzhong’s share capital after the acquisition. Shouzhong is deemed as a non-wholly-owned subsidiary of the Group due to the control right owned by the Group over the board of Shouzhong. The business of Shouzhong is to manage car park operation in the PRC with a special focus on intelligent car parking. Shouzhong has been actively expanding its business in car park since its establishment. It currently has 8 car park projects in the PRC and operates approximately 5,400 car parking lots in total. In addition, Shouzhong also owns the car park operation right of a major project in the new airport in Beijing through the investment in 48.125% equity interest in (Beijing Shouzhong Car Parking Management Company Limited#), a joint venture of Shouzhong. The operation of the new airport project is for a term of 20 years with an option to extend for a further 5 years. The new airport in Beijing will has 4,200 parking lots and is expected to be put into operation by the end of The PRC is undergoing the rapid urbanisation, leading to a significant improvement in living standards and an ever-increasing demand for auto vehicles. However, the penetration rate of auto vehicles in the PRC is still relatively low compared with that in western countries. Therefore, the automotive industry has huge potential for sustained growth and demand for car park in the PRC is benefited as well. Shougang Resources is a 27.61% held associate of the Group listed in Hong Kong and is a major hard coking coal producer in China. Shougang Resources currently operates three premium coking coal mines in Shanxi province, PRC namely Xingwu coal mine, Zhaiyadi coal mine and Jinjiazhuang coal mine. It sold 932,000 tonnes raw coking coal and 2,073,000 tonnes clean coking coal during the year and its consolidated turnover for the year was HK$3,472 million, an increase of 91.8% over that of last year. The selling price (exclude VAT) of raw coking coal and clean coking coal sold during the year were RMB585 and RMB1,185 respectively, represented increases of 72.1% and 80.4% respectively over the last year. With the significant rebound of coking coal price, profit attributable to shareholders of Shougang Resources in this year was HK$1,081 million while the profit was only HK$112 million in last year. Profit of Shougang Resources attributable to the Group was HK$273 million in this year while it was only HK$5 million in last year. REVIEW OF OPERATIONS (continued) Shougang Resources (continued) Exploration and sale of coking coal (continued) The strong financial base of Shougang Resources with close to zero gearing ratio and bank balances of HK$5 billion enable it to maximize its value when appropriate investment opportunities arise. Customers are confident of the high quality products of Shougang Resources which are regarded as panda coal. Manufacture of steel cord for radial tyres and sawing wires; processing and trading of copper and Shougang Century is a 35.71% associate of the Group listed in Hong Kong whose businesses are manufacture of steel cord for radial tyres and sawing wires; processing and trading of copper and brass products in Shandong province and Zhejiang province, PRC. The Group’s share of its net loss was HK$24 million in this year, comparing to share of profit of HK$4 million in the same period last year. Further to the non-legally binding memorandum of understanding (“MOU”) dated 13 July 2014 and the supplemental MOUs dated 30 June 2015 and 30 June 2016 between Shougang Century and an independent third party in relation to the proposed capital injection into one of the wholly-owned major subsidiaries of Shougang Century, (Tengzhou Eastern Steel Cord Co., Ltd#) (“TESC”) as well as the proposed strategic cooperation between Shougang Century and the independent third party. Upon completion of the proposal, Shougang Century and the independent third party will each own 50% interests in TESC. The proposed capital injection would enhance the capital base of TESC and provide additional financial resources to TESC, which will be utilised to fund the phase II construction of TESC’s steel cord production facilities with an annual production capacity of 100,000 tonnes. The completion of the proposal is subject to the fulfilment of certain conditions. According to the relevant MOUs, Shougang Century and the independent third party agreed to extend the completion of formal agreement until 12 July 2018. Through years of business cooperation, the Group has established good relationship with customers and suppliers. The ultimate holding company of the controlling shareholder of the Company is Shougang Group Co., Ltd., which together with its subsidiaries, is also the largest supplier. During the year, the purchases made by the Group from Shougang Group Co., Ltd. and its subsidiaries accounted for 14.1% of the total purchase. In addition, the Group entered into iron ore offtake agreements with an Australia-listed iron ore producer Mt. Gibson. Mt. Gibson will supply iron ore to the Group on a long term basis so as to stabilise supply to the Group’s trading business. The Group is mainly engaged in the trading of iron ore, principally focusing on the trading of iron ore imported by the PRC. As a vital raw material for the manufacturing of steel, demand for iron ore depends on the demand for steel in the PRC. Over the years, demand for imported iron ore in the PRC maintains upward trend, but any adverse change will affect the amount of imported iron ore and thereby reducing the Group’s trading volume of iron ore. Further, profit from this segment will be decreased, resulting to unsatisfactory performance of the Group. Besides, under the long-term offtake agreements entered into between the Group and Mt. Gibson, purchase of iron ore includes rebate on marketing commission. However, at late 2014, the seawall outside of Mt. Gibson’s Koolan Island mine collapsed and resulted in flooding in the mine, thus the production was suspended at the moment. Mt. Gibson announced its restoration schedule for the Koolan Island mine in April of this year with an estimated restoration of production to occur at the start of 2019. The restoration of Koolan Island mine will bring additional revenue for the trading business of the Group. However, whether Mt. Gibson is able to succeed in restoration of Koolan Island mine will have a direct impact on the revenue from the trading business of the Group. For the purpose to hedge the purchase and sales price risk of the iron ore trading business, the Group started to adopt iron ore futures/swap instruments, which are derivative financial instruments traded in leveraged way where there is a chance that the actual losses would exceed the margin deposits paid for iron ore futures/swaps, and is accordingly of a high risk profile. At late 2017, the Group has acquired the private fund management business. In most of the cases, the Group acts as the general partner of funds or partnerships. According to relevant agreements, if the realized amount of the assets of the fund or partnership is insufficient to cover their respective liabilities, the general partner of the fund or partnership shall bear unlimited liabilities of the fund or partnership. In China, it is a customary practice that a general partner to bear unlimited liabilities of the fund or partnership under its management in case of a net deficit position of the fund or partnership. The Group is also engaged in mining and sale of hard coking coal as well as the manufacture and sale of steel cord for radial tyres and sawing wires; processing and trading of copper and brass products in China by holding interests in the two Hong Kong listed associates, Shougang Resources and Shougang Century. As a vital raw material for steel refining, the sale of coking coal of Shougang Resources has close connection with the steel demand. Weak demand on steel will directly dampen the results of Shougang Resources. For Shougang Century, as its business mainly depends on the automobile demand of the PRC, its manufacture and sale of steel cord for radial tyres business will be affected by the drop of demand on automobiles. With significant proportion of investments in these associates, the results of which will to a certain extent affect the overall performance of the Group. PRINCIPAL RISKS AND UNCERTAINTIES (continued) After six rounds of interest hike by the US since late 2015, the pace of interest rate hike may be accelerated. Although the Group has currently repaid all of its bank loans, the interest hike will add extra interest expenses to the Group in case the Group needs to raise funds in the future, and accordingly affect profit of the Group. Save for the abovementioned risks and uncertainties, the analysis on market risk (currency risk, interest rate risk and other price risk), credit risk and liquidity risk of the Group are detailed in the note respecting financial instruments to the financial statements. Details of the Group’s compliance with laws and regulations are disclosed in the environmental, social and governance report on pages 63 to 81 of this annual report. Details of the Group’s environmental policy and performance are disclosed in the environmental, social and governance report on pages 63 to 81 of this annual report. We aim to diversify our funding sources through utilization of both banking and capital markets. To the extent possible, financing is arranged to match business characteristics and cash flows. The cash and bank balances, loans and financial leverage of the Group as at 31 December 2017 as compared to 31 December 2016 is summarized below: As at 31 December 2017, all bank borrowings of the Group had been repaid, therefore the gearing ratio is not applicable. LIQUIDITY, FINANCIAL RESOURCES AND FINANCING ACTIVITIES (continued) The Company manages its financial risks in accordance with guidelines laid down by its Board of Directors. The treasury policy aims to manage the Group currency, interest rate and counterparty risks. Derivatives are mainly used for managing such risks. We also target to ensure that adequate financial resources are available for business growth. The Group conducts its businesses mainly in Hong Kong and the Mainland China, it is subject to the foreign exchange fluctuations of HK dollars, US dollars and Renminbi. To minimize currency exposure, non-Hong Kong dollar assets are usually financed in the same currency as the asset or cash flow from it through borrowings. For the year ended 31 December 2017, almost 100% of the Group’s turnover for the continuing operations was denominated in US dollars. Floating rate borrowings are used in the portfolio of the Group’s borrowing. The Group also enters into certain interest rate swaps to mitigate interest rate risks if necessary. To cope with the trading situation, the Group started to use iron ore future/swap and foreign exchange forward to hedge for the price risks of the purchase cost and selling price arising from iron ore trading. At the end of the reporting period, the Group held the iron ore futures contract of the net purchase of 19,800 tonnes of January 2018 with a contract value of US$1,447,410, and the iron ore futures contract of the net sale of 30,000 tonnes of February 2018 with a contract value of US$1,825,250. The Company has no new term loan financing from bank during this year. At the same time, the Group has repaid all the bank loans outstanding before end of the year. On 16 November 2017, the Company completed an open offer of shares on the basis of one open offer share for every one existing share at HK$0.225 per open offer share. The net proceeds after deducting expenses was approximately HK$2,004,000,000, of which approximately HK$273,000,000 (RMB231,135,000) was used to pay to Shougang Fund for the consideration of the acquisition of 95% equity interest in Jingji, in addition approximately HK$14,000,000 was used for the acquisition of the remaining 5% equity interest in Jingji. The Company also used approximately HK$136,000,000 (RMB115,597,000) to acquire 40% equity interest in Shouzhong from Shougang Fund and used approximately HK$17,000,000 to acquire additional approximately 4.94% equity interest in Shouzhong. Furthermore, approximately HK$85,000,000 (RMB71,200,000) was used for the capital increase in Shouzhong before the end of the year. As for the bank loans, the Group repaid the bank loans of HK$474,000,000 (US$60,740,000) after the proceeds of open offer was received. In the near future, the Group will contribute RMB34,000,000 and RMB8,800,000 to the share capital of Jingji and Shouzhong respectively as committed. After the proceeds are used for the above-mentioned purposes, remaining net proceeds of approximately HK$0.95 billion from the open offer will be used to support the future development of Jingji and Shouzhong and iron ore trading business, conduct strategic acquisitions complementary to the businesses of the Group and also for general working capital purpose. On 8 September 2017, the Group entered into the agreement with Shougang Fund, pursuant to which, the Group agreed to acquire 95% equity interest in Jingji for RMB231,135,000 (equal to HK$272,565,000) and 40% equity interest in Shouzhong for RMB115,597,000 (equal to HK$136,493,000) held by Shougang Fund. Shougang Fund is a company wholly owned by Shougang Group, the ultimate controlling shareholder of the Company. The acquisition of 95% equity interest in Jingji was completed on 13 December 2017 and the acquisition of 40% equity interest in Shouzhong was completed on 21 December 2017. In addition, on 28 December 2017, the Group acquired the remaining 5% equity interest in Jingji and additional approximately 4.94% equity interest in Shouzhong from independent third parties at the consideration of HK$14,420,000 and HK$16,989,000 respectively. There were no material disposals by the Group during this year. On 12 March 2018, the Company and Shouzhong (Hong Kong) Limited (“Shouzhong HK”), a wholly- owned subsidiary of the Company, entered into an agreement with CIMC Transportation Equipment (International) Holdings Limited (“CIMC Transportation”) pursuant to which Shouzhong HK will acquire from CIMC Transportation 44.94382% shareholding of Shouzhong for the consideration of RMB209,884,269. An aggregate of 1,047,931,056 shares of the Company at the issue price of HK$0.2475 per share will be issued to CIMC Transportation or its designated person(s) to satisfy the consideration. The consideration shares will represent approximately 5.526% of the total number of issued shares of the Company as enlarged by the issue of the consideration shares. Shouzhong is principally engaged in the business of car park operation in the PRC. Shouzhong was owned as to 44.94382% by the Group at the end of 2017 and was a non-wholly owned subsidiary of the Group. The transaction was completed on 23 March 2018 and 1,047,931,056 shares of the Company was issued to CIMC Transportation on 26 March 2018 at the issue price of HK$0.2475 per share. Shouzhong was then owned as to 89.88764% by the Group. The Company issued 8,957,896,227 new shares during this year. The issued share capital of the Company was HK$7,349,544,584 (represented by 17,915,792,454 ordinary shares). The Group has a total of 182 employees as at 31 December 2017. The remuneration policies of the Group are to ensure fairness and competitiveness of total remuneration in order to motivate and retain current employees as well as to attract potential ones. Remuneration packages are carefully structured to take into account local practices under various geographical locations in which the Group operates. The remuneration packages of employees in Hong Kong include salary, discretionary bonuses, medical subsidies and hospitalization scheme. All of the subsidiaries of the Group in Hong Kong provide pension schemes to the employees as part of their staff benefits. The remuneration packages of employees in the PRC include salary, discretionary bonuses, medical subsidies and welfare fund contribution as part of their staff benefits. In 2017, the asset price was pushed up amidst generally robust world economy and global low interest rate environment. Till the end of 2017, the US Federal Reserve Board has raised the interest rate for five times since the interest rate hike cycle started at the end of 2015 and expressed the possibility to raise the interest rate for three times in 2018. The rise of interest rate and reduction of balance sheet of US will inevitably bring the uncertain impact to the booming capital market. After the major reorganisation of the Group at the end of 2016 and upon the disposal of traditional steel business which had been running for many years, the Group acquired the business of private fund management and car park operation in the PRC in 2017. The private fund management business has developed rapidly in the PRC in recent years and created synergistic effects with Shougang Group, which will provide a strong platform for our future growth. The car park facilities investment and operation business in the PRC have a rosy outlook thanks to the strong demand of domestic citizen for automobiles and the requirements of governance on large-scale cities and are also our principal business to expand in the future. It is expected that the car park facilities investment and operation business of the Group will witness an extreme rapid development by targeting the markets, both domestic and overseas. However, the business of trading of iron ore imported by the PRC encountered difficulties in this year as the traditional back to back trading of mainstream minerals was difficult to generate profit to the Group. For this reason, our trading team has utilised tools of iron ore future/swap since this year to hedge the operation risks of trading business. The Group will continue to adjust its trading business model to accommodate the changing market conditions. In April 2017, Mt. Gibson announced its restoration plan of Koolan Island mine and the sale of iron ore is expected to resume in early 2019. Under the offtake agreements entered into between the Group and Mt. Gibson, the Group has committed to take up an amount of 80% of iron ore production of Koolan Island mine, which will increase the turnover for the future trading business of the Group. Shougang Resources, the main associate of the Group, has performed well in this year . Benefiting from the price upturn of coking coal, Shougang Resources has made favourable profit. The financial base of Shougang Resources is strong with close to zero gearing ratio and substantial cash and bank balances enable the Group to maximise its value when appropriate investment opportunities arise. The Group has already achieved its target of making turnaround in this year. The Group will be more proactive in seeking projects to expand the existing business, especially the domestic and overseas car park project, with the aim of supporting the rapid development of the Group. The Group would like to express gratitude for the immense support from Shougang Group, the ultimate controlling shareholder of the Company, to assist the Company to navigate such difficult times. Thus, the Company has transited smoothly. 