During the reporting year, the global crude oil market initially declined and gradually picked up throughout the year and revealed an upward trend in general despite the volatility. In spite of the phasing effects brought by the uncertainties, given the profound adjustments in the past three years, the overall demand and supply have almost reached an equilibrium. the international oil and gas market has bottomed out and continued to pick up. It is expected that this trend will be further strengthened in 2018. In pace with the trend of the global oil price, the oil companies gradually increased their exploration and development expenditures in 2017, but the extent and momentum of growth was limited and varied market performance was recorded in different regions. In particular, after surviving more than two years of low oil price, oil companies have generally introduced the business philosophy of cost saving and continued to implement it. not only did they have higher requirements on quality of service regarding external tender projects, the pricing of oil-field service remained relatively low. however, significant improvement was seen in terms of workload. During the reporting year, the group seized the favourable timing when oil companies resumed their capital expenditures to actively penetrate into the traditional markets and greatly expand into new business segments so as to generate good growth momentum following the bottoming out of the group’s overall business. first, the group strengthened the relationship with its customers in the traditional market to pay closer attention to customer needs and timely grasped the latest market information on policies, technologies and competitors. By taking a pioneer move and responding quickly, the group sought and seized the market opportunities in the course of embracing changes on its own initiatives. In the prC market such as tarim oilfield and Sichuan oilfield and the Caspian Sea region in Kazakhstan, the workload of traditional projects including drilling services and well completion significantly increased. Second, the group streamlined the organisation and reduced the management hierarchy level, placing the focus of management on the market and quality of service. while the cost of management was reduced, the quality of service, customer satisfaction and project efficiency remained unchanged. third, the group strove to expand into new markets and explore new business segments in pursuit of new markets and new opportunities. In 2017, in addition to securing new trade orders from regions like russia and turkmenistan, the group made a breakthrough and secured the workover service contract at maysan oilfield in Iraq. not only is it conducive to rationalising the group’s business layout, it also helps lay a solid foundation for future development. fourth, the group continued to implement cost control unswervingly and optimised the organisational structure to fully and continuously implement “cost reduction and efficiency improvement” on a top-down management approach with a view to enhancing the operational and management standard of the group. During the reporting year, the group realised revenue of rmB1,100.6 million, representing an increase of rmB252.5 million or 29.8% as compared with that in the previous year. revenue from both the prC market and overseas markets revealed significant growth, among which, revenue from the prC market amounted to rmB634.5 million, representing an increase of rmB154.2 million or 32.1% as compared with that in the previous year; and revenue from the overseas markets amounted to rmB466.1 million, representing an increase of rmB98.3 million or 26.7% as compared with that in the previous year. as to business segments, revenue from oil reservoir services amounted to rmB614.7 million, representing an increase of rmB69.3 million or 12.7% as compared with that in the previous year; revenue from drilling services amounted to rmB320.5 million, representing an increase of rmB138.4 million or 76.0% as compared with that in the previous year; revenue from well completion services amounted to rmB165.5 million, representing an increase of rmB44.9 million or 37.2% as compared with that in the previous year. During the reporting year, the group realised revenue of rmB1,100.6 million, representing an increase of rmB252.5 million or 29.8% as compared with that in the previous year. the increase in revenue was attributable to the recovery of the oil-field service industry, the group’s active market expansion efforts and the improvement of overall quality of service and efficiency. accordingly, revenue from the three major business segments grew significantly, among which, percentage of revenue from oil reservoir services, drilling services and well completion services was 55.9%, 29.1% and 15.0% respectively, up by 12.7%, 76.0% and 37.2% as compared with those in the previous year respectively. as a traditional principal business of the group, the oil reservoir services segment remained the largest contributor to revenue. however, revenue from well completion and drilling services also grew significantly. In particular, as the oil companies increased the capital expenditures on exploration and development of well construction, the group’s revenue from drilling services revealed significant growth. the analysis of the group’s revenue by business segment is as follows: Change During the reporting year, revenue from the oil reservoir services segment amounted to rmB614.7 million, representing an increase of rmB69.3 million or 12.7% as compared with that in the previous year, among which, revenue from the overseas markets amounted to rmB292.0 million, accounting for 47.5% of the total revenue from oil reservoir services; and revenue from the prC market amounted to rmB322.7 million, accounting for 52.5% of the total revenue of oil reservoir services. the group’s oil reservoir services comprise oil reservoir research services, dynamic monitoring service, oil testing and oil recovery service, oil and gas operations maintenance service and oil extraction process service. the reservoir services segment aims to maximise the economic benefits of customers by providing quality solutions and systematic oil recovery services which are well recognised by customers. During the reporting year, the oil-field service segment of the group focused on enhancing oil recovery and solving the problems of customers in the course of production and development of existing oilfields. as a result, the group successfully made the following achievements in certain markets. the group successfully introduced the ultrasound plug removal technology to South China Sea regional market and Kazakhstan market. as a new green and environmentally friendly oil stimulation process, the ultrasound plug removal technology can be widely applied in the water well stimulation, oil well stimulation and green areas at low cost with significant stimulation results and no damage to the reservoir layers upon multiple applications. upon implementation of the plug removal process in South China Sea, daily oil stimulation per single well increased to 49 barrels and liquid stimulation of the target plug removal layer increased by 38.2%, representing growth of 8.7 times, thus generating good economic benefits to customers. the group attained initial success at tarim oilfield for the implementation of the optic fibre plus electric cable integrated monitoring process, which is able to collect the pressure and temperature of the target layer and monitor the cross-sectional well casing temperature at the same time. one well, upon implementation of the process, has been operating steadily for four months and the data accuracy completely meets the designed requirements. the process is set to be widely promoted and applied at tarim oilfield. the group introduced, for the first time, the water discharge/gas recovery compressor and gas lifting process to a gas field in China. reservoirs in the region are faced with rising bottom water level and descending output or even total suspension of production. this process can effectively increase gas well output, slow down output lapse and eventually extend the development cycle of the gas field. the group implemented, for the first time, the deep oil well plugging process at an oilfield in Kazakhstan. the oilfield is in the process of development with fast rising level of water in the reservoir and a fairly high output lapse rate. the cement plugging used by customers in the past could only achieve certain effects in the near well zone but was unable to solve the issue of water covering the surface of the reservoir. the group applied the process in three wells at the oilfield. Initial oil stimulation upon completion reached 1,460 barrels, thus generating direct economic benefits to customers. the application of these processes and techniques that target at the difficulty in oil recovery in the course of subsequent development of oilfields has greatly enriched the contents of the products and technologies of the group’s oil reservoir services segment. It has also strengthened the group’s competitiveness in satisfying oil fields’ demand for control of development costs and higher oil recovery. looking ahead, these processes and techniques will be applied in more regions, thus generating greater economic benefits. Change During the reporting year, revenue from drilling services segment amounted to rmB320.5 million, representing an increase of rmB138.4 million or 76.0% as compared with that of the previous year, among which, revenue from the overseas market amounted to rmB118.6 million, up by 111.2% year-on-year and accounting for 37.0% of the total revenue from drilling services; and revenue from the prC market amounted to rmB201.9 million, up by 60.3% year-on-year and accounting for 63.0% of the total revenue from drilling services. the group’s drilling services comprise drilling rig service, work over rig service, vertical drilling technology service, horizontal drilling technology service, side tracking technology service, under balance drilling technology service, fine managed pressure drilling (fmpD) technology service, cementing services and drilling fluid services. During the reporting year, benefiting from oil companies’ increased investment in well construction, the drilling services business of the group recovered rapidly. In particular, the drilling business at tarim oilfield in China and the workover business in Kazakhstan resumed the quickest. In addition, given the increasing workload, the group made material breakthroughs in a number of areas. the testing centre of Xinjiang Spt engineering Service Co., ltd. of the group was granted an approval certificate by China national accreditation Service for Conformity assessment (“CnaS”), signifying that the testing centre has become a standard inspection laboratory recognised by the State where its hardware facilities, management standards and testing capabilities meet the internationally recognised standard requirements and its testing reports issued are internationally recognised. occupying a site area of approximately 1,000 square metres, the laboratory testing centre has a range of high-quality and high- performance testing apparatuses and equipment, which meet the standards set by american petroleum Institute including fann75 high temperature high pressure rheometer, ofIte high temperature high pressure filter press and gradiometer. the areas recognised by CnaS are the five major testing projects namely crude oil, drilling liquid, oilfield chemicals, water and chemical reagents. not only do these facilitate the Company’s response to customer demand, they can also expand the business and strengthen the group’s market competitiveness. Currently, the testing centre has secured a three-year contract for drilling liquid testing at tarim oilfield. the plugging technology developed by the engineering and technology centre of the group was applied successfully in the Chongqing region. the target well experienced significant leakage of drilling fluid in the course of drilling with oil-based slurry leaking of more than 200 cubic metres. more than 60 tonnes of local slurry plugging materials were used to tackle the problem but the effect was minimal. the hyperlCasing technology of the group uses high temperature resistant and high pressure resistant natural materials as the materials for leakage treatment. In particular, it can be directly added to the slurry via bottom hole assembly without tripping, placing bare drill rods and bypass valves which is simple and easy to operate without impeding the performance of slurry. once it enters the leakage layer, it will quickly form an effective and strong film to prevent leakage, which significantly increases the completeness and stability of borehole, thus enjoying a series of advantages such as reducing one layer of technology casing and enhancing the potential of well cementing quality. under the guidance of the group’s experts, successful plugging was achieved at the target well using the group’s process and was recognised and praised by customers. the group increased drilling workload at ordos by 283%. the group shared its production process and management experience at several service provider conferences upon the request of customers, and completed drilling for 23 wells during the year, representing a significant increase as compared with the workload last year. the group made material breakthroughs in securing orders from the drilling turnkey project in Sichuan’s shale gas market and workover services at maysan oilfield in Iraq. Change (2.9%) During the reporting year, revenue from well completion services segment amounted to rmB165.5 million, representing an increase of rmB44.9 million or 37.2% as compared with that of the previous year, among which, revenue from the overseas market amounted to rmB55.5 million, accounting for 33.5% of the total revenue from well completion services; and revenue from the prC market amounted to rmB110.0 million, accounting for 66.5% of the total revenue from well completion services. the group’s well completion services comprise trading and relevant service of well completion tools and stimulation and fracturing service. During the reporting year, in addition to seizing the opportunities arising from the market recovery, the well completion services segment of the group endeavoured to guarantee the success rate for market orders in its core regions. while stepping efforts in developing its own r&D tools and products, the group further enhanced the diversification of the well completion tools and achieved success in certain markets. for instance, at the factory in Singapore, the 5”10K and 5”15K large-bore packers were delivered to the customers in Sichuan, China for their application; 2 7/8”10k Inc718 material safety valves were sold to afghanistan; and north factory’s SlIp on oil swellable packers were sold to Baker hughes, malaysia. with continued r&D efforts and improvement, the annular pressure control 3e technology system was applied in five other wells at the Daqing oilfield this year following its application in two wells last year, which demonstrated promising results. During the reporting year, the global oil market revealed a v-shaped trend. In the first half of the year, the global crude oil price zigzagged downwards where the price of Brent crude oil futures fell from its highest of uS$58.37 per barrel to its lowest of uS$44.35 per barrel. the global oil market experienced a turnaround in the second half of the year. the crude oil market picked up with less volatilities. Since november, the oil price has resumed to the level at the beginning of the year and continued to zigzag upwards. Since mid-December, the oil price has surged and continued to go up. market sentiments began to pick up substantively with the strong performance of oil price. as at the end of the reporting year, the Brent global crude oil prices rallied to its highest of uS$66.62 per barrel. the rise in the global oil price was mainly attributable to the improvement in the demand and supply of crude oil, which was primarily due to: 1) the opeC’s ongoing execution of the output reduction agreement; 2) the slower pace of production of shale gas in the united States; 3) the decreasing inventory of crude oil in the united States; and 4) the geopolitical factors such as the referendum in Iraq and possible sanction of Iran. the steady growth in the global oil price contributed to the recovery of the oil-field service industry, resulting in a rally in investment in oil and gas exploration and development. however, during the reporting year, the extent of rally was limited. In addition, faced with the changes in the competition in the global oil-field service market, there was a marked differentiation in regional market development with intensifying competition. the group’s major overseas markets mainly cover Central asia, Southeast asia and the middle east where oil resources are abundant and exploration activities are active. During the reporting year, driven by the recovery of oil price, customers in the overseas markets slowly resumed their investments and the exploration and development workload increased. Couple with the rally and gradual stability in the exchange rate of tenge (“KZt”) against uSD, the overall scale of the group’s operations in the Central asia region picked up considerably in 2017. In addition, as the operations in the middle east and Southeast asia regions are settled in uSD in general, the revenue in these regions basically maintained a relatively stable level as compared with the level in the same period of last year, and the market scale expanded from 2016. During the reporting year, as for the overseas markets, the group took proactive measures to seize the opportunities arising from the global price rally and resumption of market demand so as to stabilise the production and operation conditions. first, it continued to strengthen its business expansion through cost reduction and efficiency enhancement of oil field development. the group focused on developing high recovery rate related businesses and successfully introduced the application of the ultrasound plugging technology to the Kazakhstan market. Second, the group stepped up efforts in exploring the opportunities in the existing markets to actively secure projects. the Kazakhstan market outperformed the annual target with a growth rate of 52.1% in revenue as compared with that of 2016; the Indonesia and Canada markets achieved growth of varying degrees as compared to 2016. third, the group actively expanded into new markets and new businesses. at the beginning of the year, the group obtained the market access approval issued by the petroleum administration Bureau of maysan, Iraq. In the second half of the year, the group officially won the bid for the two-year service contract regarding the workover rig of Iraq’s maysan project. Currently, the project is under preparation and will commence operation in 2018. In may 2017, the group secured the monitoring service contract from Sierra oil and gas and the liner hanger and stage collar contract from mingbulak Company in uzbekistan, and initially entered into a long-term letter of intent with customers, marking a milestone achievement of the group in market expansion within the region. the group also made some breakthroughs in the russia market and initially tapped into the environment business. the sluggish oil price since 2014 has dampened the upstream operations of the three prC oil giants namely petroChina, China petroleum & Chemical Corporation (“Sinopec”) and China national offshore oil Corporation (“CnooC”) with decreasing production. at the same time, oil imports continued to grow. In 2017, the degree of reliance on imports of crude oil of China increased by 3 percentage points to 67.4%. given the rebound in oil price, on the one hand, the increase in the reliance on imports forced oil companies to increase capital expenditures to stabilise the scale of production. on the other hand, as the operating results of the three prC oil giants namely petroChina, Sinopec and CnooC improved significantly in 2017, oil companies were more willing to increase capital expenditures. according to the 2017 interim report of petroChina, the capital expenditures for the exploration and production segment of petroChina amounted to rmB45,303 million for the first half of 2017, representing an increase of 14.5% compared with the first half of 2016. according to the 2017 interim report of Sinopec, the capital expenditures for the exploration and production segment of Sinopec amounted to rmB6,870 million for the first half of 2017, representing an increase of 32.9% compared with the first half of 2016. In 2017, the natural gas related exploration and development in the prC saw a pickup in its speed. according to the Strategic action plan for energy Development (2014-2020) published by the State, by 2020, the natural gas consumption in the prC will reach 360.0 billion cubic metres, representing an increase of 41.7% as compared to 2016 and accounting for 10% of the primary energy. petroChina made significant breakthroughs in natural gas exploration in tarim and tsaidam, while gradually pushed ahead the non-conventional oil and gas exploration. Sinopec accelerated the shale gas capacity expansion in fuling and the natural gas capacity expansion in hangjin County, northern China. During the reporting year, while seizing favourable opportunities arising from the gradual pickup of the global oil price and market recovery, the group actively extended the existing markets in the prC and expanded into the new markets. the group also stepped up efforts in the following areas and made remarkable results. ensure the recovery of workload regarding the existing products and technologies: During the reporting year, the group’s well completion tool manufacturing capabilities and service level in the prC market were further enhanced. the well completion business in tarim oilfield and Sichuan oilfield rapidly recovered. the well completion services in the prC market grew by 73.4% year-on-year; drilling workload in Changqing oilfield grew by 283%; and there were 23 wells which completed drilling during the year. In addition, the group closely monitored the opportunities arising from the strong growth of the non-conventional natural gas market in the prC market. at the shale gas block in Changning, Sichuan, the group successfully expanded and completed the rotary steerable service for 10 wells. another breakthrough and milestone achievement was that, after one year of project tracking, the group successfully landed the shale gas turnkey drilling project in february 2018. accelerate the marketing of new featured products and technologies to satisfy the customers’ demand for cost reduction and efficiency enhancement in the slow recovery of the industry. the group attained initial success at tarim Basin for the implementation of the optic fibre plus electric cable integrated monitoring process, which is able to collect the pressure and temperature of the target layer and monitor the cross- sectional well casing temperature at the same time. the group introduced, for the first time, the water discharge/gas recovery compressor and gas lifting process to a gas field in Xinjiang. In early December 2017, Spt’s hyperlCasing drilling and plugging technology was successfully applied for the first time at a shale gas block of Sinopec in Chongqing where the technology was proved to have a promising future. In December 2017, the ultrasound removal technology was applied at an oilfield in South China Sea. as a result, daily oil stimulation per single well increased to 49 barrels and liquid stimulation of the target plug removal layer increased by 38.2%, representing growth of 8.7 times. It was a huge success. In 2018, CnooC will widely promote the use the such technology in other blocks. Based on the foregoing, after a year’s effort, we have survived the toughest industry cycle and gradually displayed our competitiveness and further established the direction of our future development under the condition of survival of the fittest. we are confident that, in 2018, while seizing the industry opportunities, we will enhance the organic capabilities of our products through satisfying customers’ demand and focus on developing core technologies to turn opportunities into business achievements so as to maintain sustainable growth of our business and profitability. During the reporting year, the scientific and research division of the group tackled the new technology challenges through independent innovation and incubation based on specific projects. In addition to the enhanced r&D and market application of the submersible direct-drive screw pump oil recovery process, fulconfractm full-length diversion fracturing technology and new well completion tools in the first half of the year, new breakthrough was made by the group in areas of ultrasound stimulation, drilling plugging and drilling/well completion process. following the successful application of the submersible direct-drive screw pump oil recovery process and fulconfractm full-length diversion fracturing technology in the Kazakhstan market at the beginning of the year, the project technology centre successfully introduced the ultrasound stimulation technology to Kazakhstan market and China’s Changqing market and South China Sea market, and smoothly completed the trial run of eight wells, demonstrating significant stimulation effects. for instance, a well at an oilfield in Kazakhstan recorded oil production of only 0.9 tonnes as at the end of august 2017. following the implementation of ultrasound stimulation, the daily oil production increased to 5.2 tonnes. as at the end of December 2017, the net increase in crude oil amounted to 508 tonnes. at an oilfield in South China Sea, daily oil production of a well increased from 5 barrels to 54 barrels after the implementation of ultrasound stimulation, representing a net increase of 49 barrels of crude oil. In addition, the drilling slurry plugging technology attained initial success at a shale gas block in Chongqing. the technology brought an initial victory as compared to the traditional process which was unable to achieve plugging in the 20-day period and was thus named the most effective plugging technology by customers. the well completion manufacturing centre focused on developing low-cost and sustainable new tools ancillary to well completion with high market demand, and filed the application for two invention patents and six utility model patents, among which, some scientific and research achievements have been launched to the market, generating significant economic benefits. for instance, at the factory in Singapore, 5”10K and 5”15K large-bore packers were delivered to the clients in Sichuan for their application; 2 7/8”10k Inc718 material safety valves, SlIp on oil swellable packers and the 5.5” fully soluble bridge plugs passed the third-party testing as well as a contract was secured. with the further enhancement of the annular pressure control 3e technology system, it was applied in five wells at the Daqing oilfield in 2017 as compared to two wells last year, which further demonstrated the advanced level, applicability and effectiveness of the technology. full-scale market launch of the technology is expected in 2018. after three years of efforts, Xinjiang Spt engineering Service Co., ltd., a subsidiary within the group, has developed a high performance environmentally friendly water-based drilling fluid/well completion fluid system that can satisfy the requirements of piedmont drilling project at the tarim oilfield at the end of 2017, among which, the highest density of drilling fluid is 2.60g/cm3 and the maximum temperature resistance is 200℃ with stronger resistance to cuttings, cement and brine pollution, which offers better protection to the reservoir; the highest density of well completion fluid is 2.00g/cm3 and the maximum temperature resistance is 180℃ with good stability in terms of hot soak 15-day subsidence. Currently, the system has passed the testing of tarim oilfield Branch Company’s quality testing centre. all the parameters outperformed its peer products available in the market and surpassed the requirements on DB 65/t 3997-2017 Drilling Solid waste Integrated utilisation pollution Control at oil and gas fields. Based on the business growth needs, the group has adopted the following human resources measures: In response to the changes in the external market environment, coupled with the strategic growth needs, during the year, the group further optimised the organisational structure and reduced the management hierarchy to achieve fast response, flexible and efficient operations. at the same time, the group redefined and clarified its structure and reporting line functions, stated the duties and responsibilities of each department and each unit under the group, and supervised and evaluated the specific implementations. to further enhance the management capabilities of the senior management, during the year, the group pushed ahead the implementation of the comprehensive appraisal of the senior management team. to enhance the core technology capabilities, the group optimised the talent structure and continued to introduce elite talents with high qualifications. at the same time, through introducing reasonable scientific selection standards, internal scientific talent training programme and other training programmes tailored for employees of different levels and different positions, the group offered more possibilities to the development of its internal key personnel. In 2017, the group stepped up the human resources efforts in new market expansion. now, these efforts have begun to bear fruit. meanwhile, the group inclined to support its key projects by adjusting organisational design and allocation of professionals so as to help determine relevant responsibilities and ensure the smooth operation of the key projects. the actual costs of the group’s human resources for the year were controlled within the budget amount set at the beginning of the year. as at 31 December 2017, the group had a total of 3,411 employees, up by 398 employees from 3,013 employees as at 31 December 2016. the group considers that, as the market environment further improves, the investment in oilfield exploration will continue to pick up. after almost three years of correction, oil price began to zigzag upwards since the second half of 2017. the weak oil-field service providers will be eliminated under the condition of survival of the fittest with marked differentiation in regional market development. objectively speaking, it has provided room and opportunities for a new industry and market layout. In conclusion, the year 2018 will be a year of upside for the oil-field service industry. performance of oil-field service companies will significantly improve as oil price further increases. In this regard, in addition to further consolidating and expanding the market share of its traditional markets and products, the group plans to focus its efforts on the following areas: the group will centralise its quality resources with focus on developing businesses with material market opportunities and allocate its limited resources to the big projects to achieve exponential growth of the group. the group will strengthen the market development and customer management efforts for core customers. Setting a firm foot in the market and better serving the customers, the group endeavours to establish a new customer relationship through legal compliance, work safety, environmental protection and technology innovation. the group will step up the investment and management efforts in the integrated turnkey project of shale gas and fully capitalises on its own strengths of strong technology and comprehensive business lines to successfully achieve systematic operation of projects as part of its core competitiveness. the group will increase the investment in scientific research and technology innovation, grasp the core direction of technology advance and make breakthrough in innovation. through introducing, integrating with and creating comprehensive technology capabilities, technologies are to be blended in with the actual operations effectively. the group will accelerate growth of business through strengthening the teambuilding of talents. while introducing more high-end talents to its core team, the group will offer a development platform and career ladder, and increase investment in training to greatly enhance the talent capabilities. the group will continue to push ahead its efforts in the new business areas such as environmental protection, utilisation of natural gas and geothermal energy to develop new and sustainable profit growth areas for the group. for the year ended 31 December 2017, revenue of the group was rmB1,100.6 million, representing an increase of rmB252.5 million, or 29.8%, as compared with that of rmB848.1 million for the previous year. the increase was mainly due to the slight increase in crude oil prices, which led to the recovery of the industry investment and the picking up of the oil-field services market. for the year ended 31 December 2017, other gains, net of the group were rmB36.6 million, while other losses, net for the previous year were rmB30.0 million. the net gains were mainly due to exchange gain in uSD denominated liabilities held by a prC subsidiary as a result of strengthening of rmB against uSD. for the year ended 31 December 2017, material costs of the group were rmB235.0 million, representing an increase of rmB57.3 million, or 32.2%, as compared with that of rmB177.7 million for the previous year. the increase of material costs was mainly due to the picking up of operating activities of the group. for the year ended 31 December 2017, employee benefit expenses of the group were rmB367.0 million, representing a decrease of rmB9.2 million, or 2.4%, as compared with that of rmB376.2 million for the previous year. the decrease reflected the efforts of the group to cut labour costs by layoff of excessive employees and reduction of salary level. for the year ended 31 December 2017, operating lease expenses of the group was rmB69.4 million, representing an increase of rmB16.6 million, or 31.4%, as compared with that of rmB52.8 million for the previous year. It was mainly due to the picking up of operating activities of the group. for the year ended 31 December 2017, transportation costs of the group were rmB19.0 million, representing a decrease of rmB3.7 million, or 16.3%, as compared with that of rmB22.7 million for the previous year. the decrease was mainly due to the efforts taken by the group to cut costs. for the year ended 31 December 2017, depreciation and amortisation of the group was rmB92.2 million, representing a decrease of rmB25.7 million, or 21.8%, as compared with that of rmB117.9 million for the previous year. the decrease was mainly because the equipment impaired and fully depreciated in 2016 was not depreciated in the reporting year. for the year ended 31 December 2017, technical service expenses of the group were rmB188.3 million, representing an increase of rmB81.1 million, or 75.7%, as compared with that of rmB107.2 million for the previous year. the increase was mainly due to the expansion of operating activities of the group. for the year ended 31 December 2017, reversal of impairment loss of assets of the group was rmB22.9 million while impairment loss of assets was rmB82.6 million in the previous year. the reversal of impairment loss of assets was mainly due to the reversal of inventory impairment. for the year ended 31 December 2017, other operating costs of the group were rmB142.5 million, representing a decrease of rmB6.7 million, or 4.5%, as compared with that of rmB149.2 million for the previous year. the decrease reflects the efforts taken by the group to reduce the general administrative expenses. Operating profit/(loss) as a result of the aforementioned changes, the group’s operating profit during the reporting year was rmB46.8 million, compared with the operating loss of rmB268.1 million for the previous year. for the reporting year, the group’s finance expenses (net) was rmB29.7 million, representing a decrease of rmB0.6 million, or 2.0%, as compared with that of rmB30.3 million for the previous year. the decrease was mainly due to the decline of interest rates. for the reporting year, income tax expense was rmB13.9 million, compared with the income tax expense of rmB11.3 million for the previous year. the income tax expense was as a result of the picking up of the operating activities of the group. as a result of the explanations above, the group’s profit for the reporting year was rmB3.3 million, while net loss amounted to rmB314.7 million for the previous year. for the reporting year, profit attributable to equity owners of the Company was rmB5.5 million, while loss attributable to equity owners of the Company amounted to rmB292.3 million for the previous year. as at 31 December 2017, property, plant and equipment was rmB348.6 million, representing a decrease of rmB44.3 million, or 11.3%, from rmB392.9 million as at 31 December 2016. the change was mainly due to the disposal of certain equipment and continuing depreciation of existing equipment. as at 31 December 2017, the carrying value of land use right was rmB21.3 million, representing a decrease of rmB0.5 million, or 2.3%, from rmB21.8 million as at 31 December 2016. this was mainly due to the continuing amortisation of existing land use rights. as at 31 December 2017, intangible assets were rmB23.2 million, representing a decrease of rmB12.5 million, or 35.0%, from rmB35.7 million as at 31 December 2016. this was mainly due to the continuing amortisation of the existing intangible assets. as at 31 December 2017, deferred income tax assets were rmB141.9 million, representing an increase of rmB3.1 million, or 2.2%, from rmB138.8 million as at 31 December 2016. the increase was mainly due to the recognition of deferred income tax assets related to unutilised loss. as at 31 December 2017, non-current portion of prepayments and other receivables was rmB22.3 million, representing a decrease of rmB1.4 million, or 5.9%, from rmB23.7 million as at 31 December 2016, while current portion of prepayments and other receivables was rmB261.6 million, representing an increase of rmB13.1 million, or 5.3%, from rmB248.5 million as at 31 December 2016. the increase was mainly due to the disposal of certain equipment of the group. as at 31 December 2017, inventories were rmB337.0 million, representing a decrease of rmB34.6 million, or 9.3%, from rmB371.6 million as at 31 December 2016. the decrease was mainly due to the better control in the management of inventories. as at 31 December 2017, trade and notes receivables amounted to rmB682.6 million, representing an increase of rmB118.9 million, or 21.1%, from rmB563.7 million as at 31 December 2016. the increase was mainly due to the increase of revenue realised during the reporting year. as at 31 December 2017, trade payables amounted to rmB517.0 million, representing an increase of rmB24.1 million, or 4.9%, from rmB492.9 million as at 31 December 2016. the increase was mainly due to the increase of materials purchases and subcontracting expenses. as at 31 December 2017, the group’s cash and bank deposits, comprising cash and cash equivalents and restricted bank deposits, were rmB149.6 million, representing a decrease of rmB113.9 million, or 43.2%, from rmB263.5 million as at 31 December 2016. the decrease was mainly due to operating activities expansion of the group, the repayment of bank borrowings and equipment purchases. as at 31 December 2017, the group’s short-term borrowings and current portion of long-term borrowings were rmB263.2 million while the long-term borrowings were rmB18.3 million. as at 31 December 2016, the group’s short-term borrowings and current portion of long-term borrowings were rmB279.2 million while the long-term borrowings were rmB103.1 million. as at 31 December 2017, the group’s gearing ratio was 28.8%, representing a decrease of 9% as compared with 37.8% as at 31 December 2016. gearing ratio was calculated as total borrowings divided by total equity. total borrowings included long-term borrowings, short-term borrowings and current portion of long-term borrowings. the capital of the Company comprises only ordinary shares. as at 31 December 2017, the total number of ordinary shares of the Company in issue was 1,535,192,332 shares (31 December 2016: 1,534,790,332 shares). as at 31 December 2017, equity attributable to the equity owners of the Company was rmB880.0 million, representing a decrease of rmB35.3 million, or 3.9%, as compared with rmB915.3 million as at 31 December as at 31 December 2017, the group did not hold any significant investment. for the reporting year, the group had no material acquisition or disposal of subsidiaries and associates. as at 31 December 2017, the group pledged parts of its property, plant and equipment, long-term prepayments and trade and note receivables to secure the group’s borrowings. the carrying values of the assets pledged are as follows: As at 31 December as at 31 December the movement of the convertible bonds during the reporting year is presented as below: liability component as at 31 December 2016 add: Interest expense in 2017 liability component as at 31 December 2017 as at 31 December 2017, the group had no material contingent liabilities. as at 31 December 2017, the group had no off-balance sheet arrangements. as at 31 December 2017, the group had no capital expenditure commitments, while operating lease commitments were mainly lease of offices, warehouses and equipment with the amount of rmB57.6 million. 