During the FY 2017, the Group’s businesses mainly focused on three business segments: firstly, intelligent railway transportation services; secondly, civil communication transmission services; thirdly, business development investment. The respective descriptions of the three related business segments are set out as follows: Intelligent railway transportation services mainly represent, among others, design, testing, installation, debugging, integration, upgrading and replacement of railway transportation application solutions and associated systems; sale of self-developed software products relating to railway transportation application solutions; sales of hardware and spare parts relating to railway transportation application solution systems; repair and maintenance of application solution systems developed by the Group as well as other software developers. During FY 2017, in addition to projects which have started to develop since the previous financial years, the Group’s revenue from intelligent railway transportation was also derived from several new projects, which mainly include MLC Project under Phase II Beijing Fare Renovation Project, Rail Transit TPU Renewal Project, Smart Card Renovation Project of Beijing-Tianjin-Hebei, the Surveillance Centre Construction Project and ACC Renovation Project of Beijing Metro Network. Civil communication transmission services mainly represent the provision of communication information transmission services to mobile operators. During FY 2017, the Group’s revenue from the business of civil communication transmission services was mainly derived from the 2G, 3G and 4G transmission services of civil communication transmission systems set up in 180 stations of 17 subway lines of the Beijing Subway. The Group has successfully entered into 4G information transmission service agreements for the existing lines with Beijing Mobile and Beijing Unicom and successfully signed the 4G communication transmission service agreements for the new subway line, the Phase II Changping Line, with the above two telecommunication operators. In terms of new areas of development, by taking advantage of the highly secured and comprehensive coverage of the subway fiber optic, the Group has entered into information transmission service agreement with Beijing Information Construction in 2017. Civil communication transmission services business will continue to bring continuous stable income to the Group in the future. Business development investment mainly represents equity investment, new business development through investing in joint ventures and associates and the acquisition of investment income through equity participation. During FY 2017, the Group’s revenue from business development investment was mainly derived from Beijing Metro and Metro Science and Technology, both are joint ventures of the Group. During this financial year, Beijing Metro, a joint venture, completed the acquisition of the 30-year operating income right of the Beijing Subway Airport Express Line and floors two to six of Dongzhimen Terminal, and recorded a substantial increase in revenue as compared to the previous financial year while Metro Science and Technology also posted a significant increase in revenue as compared to the previous financial year due to the further development of business. The Group recorded an increase in revenue by approximately 17.8% from approximately HK$479.3 million for FY2016 to approximately HK$564.6 million for FY 2017. Such increase in revenue was mainly attributable to the inclusion of revenue from Phase II Beijing Fare Renovation Project, Surveillance Centre Project of Beijing Metro Network, ACC System Renovation project, Chengdu Subway Lines COCC Project, Beijing S1 Line Station Platform Door Project and Line No. 2 Platform Door Project. Revenue derived from the provision of system integration and operation and maintenance of application solution services by intelligent railway transportation services recorded an increase of approximately 22.3%, from approximately HK$368.1 million for FY2016 to approximately HK$450.1 million for FY 2017. The increase was mainly due to the recognition of revenue in stage of certain projects under intelligent railway transportation services including recognition of revenue from Phase II Beijing Fare Renovation Project, Chengdu Subway COCC project, Beijing S1 Line Station Platform Door Project and Line No. 2 Platform Door Project. Revenue arising from civil communication transmission services recorded an increase of approximately 3.0% from approximately HK$111.2 million for FY2016 to approximately HK$114.5 million for FY 2017. The increase of this segment was mainly due to the revenue derived from the provision of transmission services from the civil communication assets acquired by the Group in November 2016. The Group recorded an increase in cost of sales by approximately 20.3% from approximately HK$375.3 million for FY2016 to approximately HK$451.3 million for FY 2017. During the period under review, the Group generated its revenue mainly from the provision of intelligent railway transportation services and civil communication transmission services and costs of the two business segments were mainly related to equipment procurement cost, direct labour cost, maintenance cost and depreciation of civil communication equipment. The increase in cost of sales during the year was mainly due to the increase in the relevant cost of intelligent railway transportation services business which is in line with the increase in revenue, and the full-year recognition of the operating cost of the civil communication assets acquired in November 2016 during FY 2017. The Group recorded an increase in gross profit by approximately 8.9% from approximately HK$104.0 million for FY2016 to approximately HK$113.3 million for FY 2017. The increase in gross profit as compared to the corresponding period of 2016 was mainly due to increase in revenue. The Group recorded an increase in income investment of approximately HK$11.4 million from approximately HK$0.1 million for FY2016 to approximately HK$11.5 million for FY2017. The investment income was mainly derived from the joint ventures, namely Beijing Metro and Metro Science and Technology, and the increase in investment income as compared to the corresponding period of 2016 was mainly attributable to the fact that these two joint ventures were both officially incorporated in February 2016 and underwent further development in 2017. Beijing Metro completed the acquisition of the 30-year operating income right of the Beijing Subway Airport Express Line and floors two to six of Dongzhimen Terminal during the year which brought significant increase in income to Beijing Metro, and Metro Science and Technology recorded a significant increase in income due to the further development of its businesses. The Group’s selling, general and administrative expenses increased by approximately 9.9% from approximately HK$77.8 million for FY2016 to approximately HK$85.5 million for FY 2017. Such increase was mainly due to the increase in labour cost. The Company’s profit attributable to equity shareholders of the Company increased by approximately 50.2% from approximately HK$25.7 million for FY2016 to approximately HK$38.6 million for FY 2017. Such increase was mainly due to the relevant increase in revenue and investment income as compared to the corresponding period of 2016. As at 31 December 2017, the Company’s issued share capital consisted of 2,104,786,727 ordinary shares of HK$0.01 each (31 December 2016: 2,106,154,727 ordinary shares of HK$0.01 each). As at 31 December 2017, the Group’s cash and cash equivalents were approximately HK$1,128.8 million (31 December 2016: approximately HK$1,118.4 million). During FY 2017, the Group has no bank borrowings and charges on assets (2016: Nil). As at 31 December 2017, the Group had current assets of approximately HK$1,981.9 million (31 December 2016: approximately HK$1,840.6 million), while its current liabilities were approximately HK$474.8 million (31 December 2016: approximately HK$354.1 million), resulting in net current assets of approximately HK$1,507.1 million (31 December 2016: approximately HK$1,486.5 million). As at 31 December 2017, the current ratio, calculated based on current assets divided by current liabilities, was approximately 4.2 (31 December 2016: approximately 5.2). Gearing ratio is calculated based on total debts at the end of a period divided by total assets at the end of such period multiplied by 100%. As at 31 December 2017, as the Group had no bank borrowings, long term debts or trade payables incurred not in the ordinary course of business and the gearing ratio was nil (31 December 2016: Nil). The Group has four main operating subsidiaries, one located in Hong Kong and the other three in Mainland China. All of the subsidiaries earn revenue and incur cost in their local currencies. The Directors consider that the impact of foreign exchange exposure of the Group is minimal. As at 31 December 2017, the Group did not have any material contingent liabilities (31 December 2016: Nil). As at 31 December 2017, the Group employed a total of 292 employees (31 December 2016: 297). The total staff costs, including Directors’ remuneration, were approximately HK$101.0 million (FY2016: HK$80.8 million). The increase in total staff cost in 2017 is mainly attributable to the rise in salary of staff and the increase in bonus and other benefits due to the improvement in results. The Group reviews remuneration package annually with reference to the prevailing market conditions and staff’s working performance, qualification and experience. In addition to basic remuneration, the Group also pays bonus based on its performance and staff’s contribution to the Group. Other benefits include share option, contribution to social insurance scheme in China, contribution to the Mandatory Provident Fund scheme and insurances in Hong Kong. The Group also organised professional and vocational trainings for its employees. Beijing Metro, a joint venture of the Company, is a new exploration of the Group to expand the operation and management business of city railway transportation network. Beijing Metro contributed a net profit of HK$8.1 million to the Group during FY 2017, representing an increase of HK$9.0 million as compared to a net loss of HK$0.9 million during FY2016, achieving a turnaround. Beijing Metro successfully acquired the 30-year operating income right of the Beijing Subway Airport Express Line and floors two to six of Dongzhimen Terminal in May 2017 and became the official operator of Beijing Subway Airport Express Line. In June 2017, the Company secured the PPP project of Line T2 of tramcar in Shunyi District, Beijing, by way of joint bid; in February 2018, the Company secured the PPP project of Line 4 of Dalian Metro. Beijing Metro is the subway operator jointly established by the Company and Beijing Subway Operation, which strives to enhance its comprehensive strength and market competitiveness through advanced technology and scientific management, aiming to become an outstanding domestic provider of metro operation and management with investment and financing capabilities. Metro Science and Technology, a joint venture of the Company, represents a new attempt of the Group to expand the business of operation security, maintenance and repair management of city railway transportation. Metro Science and Technology contributed a net profit of HK$6.4 million to the Group for FY 2017, representing an increase of HK$5.4 million as compared to HK$1.0 million for FY 2016, through active expansion of business and annual increase in overall income and level of profitability. The improvement in results is mainly derived from the maintenance and substantial repair services for a total of 15 routes, including Beijing Railway Line 1 and Line 2. Jointly established by China City Railway Transportation Technology Investment Company Limited ( ) (“CCRTT Investments”), a subsidiary held as to 70% indirectly by the Company, and Beijing Subway Operation, Metro Science and Technology is a provider of Beijing subway operation security, maintenance and repair services. Cornerstone Chuangying, a joint venture of the Company, is a new experience for the Group to expand the business of city railway transportation internet ticketing service. As its investment in internet projects is still at the early stage and the input is relatively substantial during the start-up period, Cornerstone Chuangying caused a loss of approximately HK$3.1 million to the Group in 2017. The Easy Pass APP introduced by Ruubypay Co., Ltd., which was invested by Cornerstone Chuangying, was put into trial operation in Beijing Subway Airport Express Line on 20 August 2017, where online ticket purchase and in-station ticket collection services were made available in four stations of the Airport Express Line. On 1 September 2017, the trial operation of online ticket purchase and in-station ticket collection services was extended to 20 subway stations with large passenger flow. On 20 September 2017, station entry and exit services with a QR code scan was on trial at Beijing Subway Airport Express Line. On 23 December 2017, online ticket purchase, in-station ticket collection services were made available at all subway lines, offering a new experience of using internet ticket and convenient services to citizens and passengers. As of March 2018, the Easy Pass APP had been downloaded 6.29 million times with registered users reaching 1.5 million. Cornerstone Chuangying was established on 10 January 2017 as a private equity investment fund jointly set up by BII Zhuoyue, a subsidiary of the Company, ICBC Credit Suisse, Dr. Peng, Ever-Rising Industrial, Tonglingtong and Chuangying Centre with a total contribution of RMB201.0 million, among which, BII Zhuoyue (as a limited partner) contributed RMB50.0 million and owns approximately 24.9% of the partnership. The contribution of RMB50.0 million was fully paid up in February 2017. Cornerstone Chuangying focuses its investment in the field of urban intelligent transportation and internet services with a principal business scope in investment management and asset management. Cornerstone Lianying, an associate of the Company, is an incubator platform for the Group to develop the quality enterprises of city railway transportation-related businesses in the industries including information technology, energy- saving and environmental protection and advanced equipment manufacture. Cornerstone Lianying was established on 15 November 2017 as a private equity investment fund jointly set up by 14 limited partners and one general partner, including BII Zhuoyue and BII contributing a total of RMB313.0 million, among which, BII Zhuoyue (as a limited partner) contributed RMB25.0 million and owns approximately 7.99% of the partnership. The initial contribution of RMB10.0 million was paid in December 2017. Cornerstone Lianying is the third phase of “Cornerstone Fund”, the fund for railway transportation-related business, with an emphasis on railway transportation-related businesses. It focuses on the equity investment of growth enterprises in target industries including information technology, energy- saving and environmental protection and advanced equipment manufacture. On 28 February 2018, BII Zhuoyue, a subsidiary of the Company, jointly established a joint venture, namely BII Xin An, with Tonghai Technology, Tong Jian Tai Li Te, with a registered capital of RMB10 million. BII Zhuoyue contributed RMB5.1 million with a shareholding of 51.0% while each of Tonghai Technology and Tong Jian Tai Li Te contributed RMB2.45 million with shareholding of 24.5% respectively. The establishment of BII Xin An will assist the Group in commencing information security and intelligent businesses, boosting the construction of intelligent railway transportation. Save as disclosed, there were no other significant investments held, material acquisitions or disposals of subsidiaries and affiliated companies, and other plans for material investments or capital assets during FY2017. In view of the business growth of the Group and in response to the long term support of the shareholders of the Company, the Board recommended the declaration of a final dividend of HK$0.01 per share for FY 2017 (FY2016: Nil). The proposed final dividend will be payable to shareholders of the Company whose names appear on the register of members of the Company on Friday, 6 July 2018, subject to the approval of the shareholders of the Company at the 2018 annual general meeting (“AGM”). It is expected that the final dividend will be paid on or before Wednesday, 26 September 2018. In 2018, the Group will firmly grasp the opportunity arising from the construction and development of city railway transportation with the goal of gradually establishing the industry layout of “Giving Priority to Intelligent Railway Transportation Services and Civil Communication Transmission Services and Supplementing by New Business Development Though Joint Ventures and Partnership”. Anchored in Beijing and Hong Kong, the Company’s business will extend throughout the nation. Under the leadership of BII, the Group will continue to gear up its efforts in research and development and enhance technological innovation and strive to provide professional technical support and services to the networking operation of railway transportation in Beijing. While achieving the target of standardising the application solution of the industry, the Group will also continue to sharpen its own core competitiveness, enhance its operation and management in a comprehensive manner and provide high-quality products and services to local and overseas city railway transportation operators. The Group will continue to explore businesses in other provinces and cities and further develop its market and enlarge the Group’s customer base through well-developed businesses, experience and products. With the continuous implementation of the “Intelligent City” strategy and the increasing importance of subway in the public transport sector, it has become an indispensable element of the subway value-added service to provide convenient and efficient communication services on city railway transportation devices to meet the diversified travel information demand of all passengers. In 2018, the Group will continue to speed up the investment and construction of the civil communication assets of the new lines of Beijing subway and further enlarge the business scope of civil subway communication. The Group will also pay attention to the technical development trend of the civil communication sector, including related technologies such as 4G, 5G and 5.8G. It will also study on the development model which matches the distinguishing features of subway and is in line with the development trend of mobile internet. In 2018, the Group will also kick start the related works on ethernet information network and the interconnection and integration of optical fiber network of lines under the management of the Company, which will create the conditions for the leasing of civil communication optical fiber resources, carrying out of new businesses and the construction of network and pipeline platform at the later stage. The Group will actively develop new value-added information businesses, such as optimising existing optical fiber network and providing optical fiber transmission business; it will construct the 10G Ethernet of railway transportation to provide services for value-added railway transportation business. The Group intends to expand its operation and management business of city railway transportation lines, maintain its maintenance and management business and internet ticketing service businesses through joint ventures and associates. By leveraging on the complementary advantages with cooperating partners, the Group creates favorable conditions for entering into the city railway transportation sub-segments which would facilitate the creation of new business growth points of the Group and lay a solid foundation for the construction of intelligent railway transportation. At the same time, the Group seizes the opportunity for the Company to explore, nurture and incubate quality projects which are still at the development stage through investing in Rail Transit Fund, which is beneficial to optimising its own business layout, thereby establishing a more comprehensive industry chain. In 2018, in addition to promoting the sound operation of the existing joint ventures and associates, the Group will also actively explore new market opportunities and new strategic business growth points from the perspective of overall strategic development. Focus will be put on the areas of railway transportation intelligent technology, civil communication, operation and maintenance aftermarket. The Group will also promote business expansion through joint ventures and associates, provide whole life-cycle solution for the construction of city railway transportation and establish a harmonious, safe and green travel environment of railway transportation. In the future, the Group will continue to actively develop new business in the railway transportation segment through investing in joint ventures and associates. The Group will actively grasp market opportunities and continue to expand its business presence related to railway transportation. The Group will strive hard to develop into the leader and explorer of China’s intelligent railway transportation to reward its shareholders and investors. 