In 2017, growth in the global economy picked up significantly with recovery of global trade. The Chinese economy registered high-quality growth, shown most notably by the increasing contribution of consumption to economic development. Under this macro backdrop, the overall performance of the Chinese textile industry showed a stable and positive trend, with continuous advancement of industrial and structural adjustments. According to the statistics released by the National Commercial Information Center of the PRC, retail sales of the top 100 major large-scaled retail enterprises in China for 2017 increased by approximately 2.8% on a year-on- year basis, representing an increase of approximately 3.3 percentage points as compared with the corresponding period of 2016. In terms of categories of products, the retail sales of apparel for the Year increased by approximately 4.3% on a year-on-year basis, representing an increase of approximately 4.1 percentage points in growth rate as compared with the corresponding period of last year. During the Year under Review, driven by the increase in overseas demand, the export of textile products and apparel regained its upward momentum after a drop for two consecutive years. During the Year, exports of textile and apparel products of the PRC to the following countries and regions were summarized as follows: Exports to the United States: approximately US$45.4 billion, representing an increase of approximately 1.0% as compared with the corresponding period of last year. Exports to the European Union: approximately US$48.9 billion, representing a decrease of approximately 1.1% as compared with the corresponding period of last year. Exports to Japan: approximately US$20.3 billion, a similar level compared with the corresponding period of last year. Exports to Hong Kong: approximately US$13.1 billion, representing a decrease of approximately 12.6% as compared with the corresponding period of last year. Exports to the markets of the Association of Southeast Asian Nations, the Middle East and Africa: approximately US$34.7 billion, US$19.0 billion and US$18.0 billion, respectively, representing an increase of approximately 4.5%, a decrease of approximately 8.5% and an increase of approximately 1.5% respectively as compared with the corresponding period of last year. In terms of raw materials, cotton prices in the domestic and overseas markets showed divergence in 2017. Affected by various factors including increasing global demand, decrease in inventory levels and higher expectations of cotton output in the year 2017/18, international cotton prices demonstrated a volatile trend. However in China, the sufficient cotton supply in the domestic market prevented the price upsurge in the cotton market to a large extent, showing an overall stable performance with fluctuations within a narrow range throughout the year. During the Year under Review, as the prices of main raw materials such as cotton and coal remained high, the production cost of Group continued to increase. However, as the demand in the cotton textile market remained relatively weak, the increase in the sale prices of the Group’s products was less than the increase in the raw material costs. As a result, there was a significant decrease in the net profit of the Group for the year ended 31 December 2017 as compared to the net profit for the year ended 31 December 2016. For the years ended 31 December 2017 and 2016, the revenue of the Group and net profit attributable to owners of the Company were as follows: For the year ended 31 December 2017, the Group recorded revenue of approximately RMB16,373 million, representing an increase of approximately 15.5% as compared with the corresponding period of last year, and net profit attributable to owners of the Company of approximately RMB522 million, representing a decrease of approximately 47.4% as compared with last year. The main reasons for the increase in revenue were the increase in product sales volume due to the Group’s increased efforts in sales promotion for its textile products, and the increase in sales volume of electricity and steam following completion of the acquisition of thermal power assets by the Group in May 2016. The decrease in the net profit attributable to owners of the Company was primarily due to the narrowing profit margin resulting from the increasing production cost of the Group as the prices of main raw materials such as cotton and coal remained high during the Year. In 2017, affected by the fact that the prices of main raw materials such as cotton remained high, the production cost of the Group continued to increase. Meanwhile, as the demand in the cotton textile market remained relatively weak, the increase in the sale prices of the Group’s products was less than the increase in the raw material costs, resulting in a decrease in gross profit margin of the textile products of the Group. The charts below are the respective proportion of revenue of the textile business categorized by products for the years ended 31 December 2017 and 2016: (Revenue of the textile business: approximately RMB10,087 million) (Revenue of the textile business: approximately RMB10,737 million) For the year ended 31 December 2017, the proportion of revenue contributed by the Group’s cotton yarn, grey fabric and denim remained in line with that as recorded in the corresponding period of last year. The chart below is the respective proportion of revenue of the textile business categorized by geographical location for the years ended 31 December 2017 and 2016: Southeast Asia (Note 1) East Asia (Note 2) (Note 3) RMB10,087 million) (total revenue: approximately RMB10,737 million) Note 1: Southeast Asia includes Vietnam, Thailand, Malaysia, Indonesia, the Philippines and Burma; Note 2: East Asia includes Japan and South Korea; Note 3: Other regions include the US, Europe, Taiwan and Africa. For the year ended 31 December 2017, the respective proportion of the domestic and overseas revenue of the Group remained relatively stable, with the proportion of overseas revenue being approximately 34.7% and the proportion of domestic revenue being approximately 65.3% for the Year. During the Year under Review, the Group adjusted its production plans in a timely manner according to the market conditions. The Group’s cotton yarn output was approximately 394,000 tons, representing an increase of approximately 7.9% as compared with the corresponding period of last year; grey fabric output was approximately 921,000,000 meters, representing an increase of approximately 6.1% as compared with the corresponding period of last year; denim output was approximately 74,000,000 meters, in line with that recorded for last year. All production bases of the Group are located in Shandong Province, the PRC. The production and operations of the Group remained steady and all facilities were functioning in good conditions during the Year under Review. As at 31 December 2017, the installed capacity of the Group’s thermal power assets amounted to 2,760 MW. During the Year under Review, the average utilization hours of the power generating units of the Group amounted to approximately 6,319 hours, and the power generation of the Group was approximately 17,442 million kWh, representing an increase of approximately 40.0% as compared with the corresponding period of last year; while its electricity sold amounted to approximately 15,122 million kWh, representing an increase of approximately 54.5% over the corresponding period of last year. For the year ended 31 December 2017, the revenue of the Group’s sales of electricity and steam amounted to approximately RMB5,636 million, representing an increase of approximately 37.9% as compared with the corresponding period of last year. The increase in power generation of the Group was mainly attributable to the increase in total installed capacity as the Group completed the acquisition of thermal power assets in May 2016. The increase in revenue from sale of electricity and steam was mainly attributable to the increase in sales volume of electricity as a result of increase in power generation of the Group. Gross profit thereof was approximately RMB1,475 million, representing a decrease of approximately 22.8% as compared to the corresponding period of last year. The decrease in gross profit from sales of electricity and steam as compared with the corresponding period of last year was mainly attributable to the rising production cost of the electricity and steam segment as the prices of main raw materials such as coal remained high. In addition, due to the adjustments to the pricing mechanism for external sales of electricity by the Group, unit selling price decreased, resulting in a decrease in gross profit from sales of electricity and steam of the Group. During the Year under Review, the average unit cost of the Group’s electricity business was approximately RMB274.8 per MWh, representing an increase of approximately 27.5% from RMB215.5 per MWh as recorded in the corresponding period last year, which was mainly due to the increase in coal price on a year-on-year basis during the Year. The Group will continue to carefully monitor the coal price, make appropriate adjustments to coal inventory levels in light of market changes and strive to explore new coal supply channels to enhance its bargaining power and lower procurement costs. The Group fully implemented the ultra-low emission ahead of schedule by installing flue gas dedusting facilities and desulphurization and denitrification facilities for all of the Group’s power generating units. The table below is an analysis of the Group’s revenue, gross profit and gross profit margin attributable to the major products for the years ended 31 December 2017 and 2016, respectively: Product Gross profit Gross profit For the year ended 31 December 2017, the gross profit of the sales of textile products increased by approximately 1.8% as compared with the corresponding period of last year to approximately RMB346 million. The gross profit margin of the Group was approximately 11.1%, representing a decrease of approximately 4.8 percentage points as compared with the corresponding period of last year. The decrease in gross profit margin was mainly due to the narrowing profit margin resulting from increasing production costs as the prices of main raw materials such as cotton and coal remained high. For the year ended 31 December 2017, the Group’s selling and distribution expenses decreased by approximately 3.6% to approximately RMB159 million from approximately RMB165 million for the corresponding period of last year. Among these expenses, transportation costs increased by approximately 11.8% to approximately RMB104 million from approximately RMB93 million for the same period of last year, which was mainly due to the increase in the fees for transportation resulting from the increase in the sales volume of textile products of the Group during the Year. Salary of the sales staff was approximately RMB34 million, representing a decrease of approximately 10.5% from approximately RMB38 million for the same period of last year. Sales commission was approximately RMB13 million, representing a decrease of approximately 13.3% from approximately RMB15 million for the same period of last year, which was primarily due to the decrease in the export sales of the Group through brokers, resulting in a decrease in commissions. For the year ended 31 December 2017, the administrative expenses of the Group were approximately RMB308 million, which was mostly in line with such expenses of approximately RMB319 million for the corresponding period of last year. For the year ended 31 December 2017, finance costs of the Group were approximately RMB523 million, representing a decrease of approximately 10.0% from approximately RMB581 million for the corresponding period of last year, which was mainly attributable to the repayment of a portion of the interest-bearing bank borrowings and corporate bonds by the Group during the Year. As at 31 December 2017, cash and cash equivalents of the Group were approximately RMB12,723 million, representing an increase of approximately 12.7% as compared with the cash and cash equivalents of approximately RMB11,292 million as at 31 December 2016, which was mainly attributable to the net cash inflow generated from operating activities and the repayment of short term borrowings by the parent company during the Year. The working capital of the Group is mainly financed with the cash inflow from operating activities. For the year ended 31 December 2017, the Group recorded a net cash inflow from operating activities of approximately RMB3,017 million. Net cash inflow from investing activities was approximately RMB2,854 million, and net cash outflow for financing activities was approximately RMB4,440 million. As at the end of the Year, cash and cash equivalents were approximately RMB12,723 million. The Group will continue to take effective measures to ensure adequate liquidity and financial resources to satisfy business needs, and maintain a stable and healthy financial position. For the year ended 31 December 2017, the inventory turnover days of the Group were 72 days, representing a decrease of 41 days from 113 days for the same period of last year, which was mainly due to the decrease in the inventory of textile products resulting from the adjustment of sales strategy by the Group during the Year. For the year ended 31 December 2017, the average turnover days of the Group’s receivables were 9 days, basically in line with that of the corresponding period of last year. For the years ended 31 December 2017 and 2016, the Group did not use derivative financial instruments. For the year ended 31 December 2017, net profit attributable to owners of the Company was approximately RMB522 million, representing a decrease of approximately 47.4% from approximately RMB993 million for the corresponding period of last year. For the year ended 31 December 2017, earnings per share of the Company were RMB0.44, representing a decrease of approximately 47.0% from approximately RMB0.83 for the corresponding period of last year. The major objective of the Group’s capital management is to ensure ongoing operations capacity and maintain a satisfactory capital ratio in order to support its own business operation and maximize shareholders’ interests. The Group continued to focus on its equity and debt mix to ensure the best capital structure that reduces capital costs. As at 31 December 2017, the debts of the Group were mainly bank borrowings amounting to approximately RMB3,262 million (31 December 2016: approximately RMB4,759 million) and corporate bonds amounting to approximately RMB3,963 million (31 December 2016: approximately RMB5,992 million). The Group had cash and cash equivalents of approximately RMB12,723 million (31 December 2016: approximately RMB11,292 million). As at 31 December 2017, the Group’s gearing ratio (net debt (after deducting the interest-bearing bank and other borrowings of cash and cash equivalents) divided by total equity) was approximately -30.6% (31 December 2016: approximately -3.0%). The Group manages its interest expenses through a fixed rate and floating rate debt portfolio. As at 31 December 2017, approximately 77.2% of the Group’s bank loans were subject to fixed interest rates, while the remaining of approximately 22.8% were subject to floating interest rates. During the Year, the Group repaid net bank borrowings of approximately RMB1,497 million, and redeemed corporate bonds of approximately RMB2,037 million. In the future, the Group will also further strengthen the fund management and optimize the debt structure, further reduce the level of liabilities while maintaining the Group’s sustainable operation capacity and sufficient liquidity. During the two years of 2018 and 2019, approximately RMB4 billion of the Group’s corporate bonds will expire, and it is expected that the Company will repay the principal and interest of such bonds on schedule with its cash on hand. After repaying such corporate bonds, the Group’s liabilities are expected to decrease significantly. The Group will also negotiate with various correspondence banks to further optimize the level of liabilities and the cost of liabilities. As at 31 December 2017, the Group’s bank loans were mainly denominated in Renminbi. Cash and cash equivalents were denominated in Renminbi and US dollars, of which cash and cash equivalents denominated in US dollars represented approximately 1.3% of the total amount. As at 31 December 2017, the Group had a total of approximately 55,000 employees, representing a decrease of approximately 8,000 employees as compared with that of last year. This decrease in the number of the staff was mainly due to the increased use of automaton as a result of the industrial upgrades implemented by the Group, leading to a decrease in the number of employees required for production. Total staff costs of the Group for the Year amounted to approximately RMB2,904 million, representing an increase of approximately 1.8% from approximately RMB2,852 million as recorded for the corresponding period of last year, which was mainly attributable to the increase of salary for staff by the Group. The remuneration of the Group’s employees is determined based on their performance, experience and the prevailing industry practice. The management of the Group will also periodically review the remuneration policies and packages. In addition, the management also grants bonuses and rewards to the employees based on their performance to encourage and motivate them to engage in technological innovation and technique improvement. The Group also provides relevant training, such as safety training and skills training, to staff based on the technical requirements of different posts. The Group adopts a strict and prudent policy in managing the exchange rate risks. Export revenue and import procurement of the Group are settled in US dollars, and a portion of bank deposits are denominated in US dollars. For the year ended 31 December 2017, approximately 22.8% of the Group’s revenue and approximately 22.1% of the purchase costs of cotton were denominated in US dollars. For the year ended 31 December 2017, the Group recorded an exchange loss of approximately RMB39 million due to the appreciation of RMB. During the Year, the Group did not experience any significant difficulties or impacts on its operations or liquidity as a result of fluctuations in currency exchange rates. The Directors believe that the Group will have sufficient foreign currency to meet its demands. As at 31 December 2017 and 2016, the Group did not have any significant contingent liabilities. For the year ended 31 December 2017, the tax of the Group decreased from approximately RMB526 million in 2016 to approximately RMB424 million, representing a decrease of approximately 19.4%. Such decrease in tax was mainly attributable to the decrease in the Group’s profit before tax for the Year. The Group’s operation is exposed to certain risks and uncertainties, some of which are beyond its control. Such risks and uncertainties include domestic and overseas economic conditions, credit policies and foreign exchange policies of the PRC, changes in the laws, regulations and enforcement policies, cotton price and sales price of textile products as well as market competition. The potential risks relating to the Group’s business increase with the growth of its business. In order to identify, assess and control these risks which may jeopardize the Group’s success, the Group has implemented the risk management system covering each major aspect of the business operation, including financial security, production and legal compliance. Given that the Group has established risk management as a system project, each department within the Group is responsible for identifying and assessing the risks involved in its respective operation. The audit committee of the Group will supervise and evaluate the risk management policies implemented by the Group and monitor the performance of such risk management system. The Group has implemented the internal control procedures to ensure the compliance with the applicable environmental protection laws and regulations, which involves, among others, enhancement of the employees’ awareness of environmental protection, formulation of standards for controlling and monitoring pollution level, development of guidelines for waste treatment and formulation of preventive and rectification measures. In light of the waste water discharged during production of denim, the Group has installed waste water treatment and recycling equipments, so as to reduce impact of waste water on the environment. Given the pollutant emission, such as sulphur dioxide, and noises generated by the power plants during power generation process, the Group has installed de-dust, desulfurization and denitrification equipments in the power plants to reduce emission. In addition, the Group has installed sound-proof devices to reduce the noises generated from the daily operation of its power plants. The Company was incorporated in the PRC and majority of its business operation are located in China, while the Company itself is listed on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the “Stock Exchange”). The operation of the Group is subject to the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on the Stock Exchange (the “Listing Rules”) and the other relevant laws and regulations in the PRC and Hong Kong. During the year ended 31 December 2017 and up to the date of this annual report, save as disclosed in the section headed “Connected Transactions” in this annual report, the Group has, in all material respects, complied with all the relevant laws and regulations in the PRC and Hong Kong. (i) The Group embraces human resources as one of its most valuable assets, and highly values the personal development of its employees. The Group strives to motivate its employees with a clear career path and opportunities for advancement and improvement of their professional skills. The Group provides pre- employment and on-the-job training as well as promotion opportunities to the employees. The training programs cover fields such as management skills, sales and production, customer services, quality control, conduct ethics and other training related to the industry. The Group will sincerely consider the valuable feedbacks from its employees for enhancing the workplace productivity and working environment harmony. In addition, the Group offers the employees with competitive remuneration packages, and will provide them with additional bonus in accordance with their performance to recognize and reward the contribution of the employees to the growth and development of the Group. (ii) The Group has developed long-standing cooperation relationship with a number of suppliers, and taken great care to ensure that they share its commitment to quality and ethics. The Group carefully selects its suppliers and requires them to satisfy certain assessment criteria including track record, experience, financial strength, reputation, capability to produce high-quality products and quality control effectiveness. The Group also requires the suppliers to abide with its anti-bribery policy. (iii) Efforts are taken to strengthen relationship with the Group’s existing customers and to develop cooperation relationship with potential customers. The Group has established effective customer network through its inhouse sales team and agents. The Group also maintains communication with its customers through various channels like textile product trade fairs, the internet and telephone. The Group has set up a sales and marketing team covering over 20 provinces and cities across the country and over 20 overseas countries and regions where the Group’s customers are located. In 2018, the global economy is expected to continue to improve. The International Monetary Fund forecasts that world GDP growth will stand at approximately 3.8% in 2018, while the World Bank estimates an around 3.7% growth rate, which is 0.2 percentage point higher than that of 2017. On the domestic side, the PRC economy has entered into a ‘new normal’ pattern, with an accelerated shift in growth drivers. Supply-side structural reforms will continue to drive improvement in the quality of economic growth. Under this backdrop of steady growth in domestic demand and resumption of demand from overseas markets, the Directors believe that the textile industry of the PRC will maintain stable development momentum, with expected growth in total revenue and profit. Adhering to its strategy of placing equal emphasis on domestic sales and overseas exports, the Group will further optimize its trade structure. On the export front, the Group will focus on stabilizing market share, while on the domestic front, efforts will be made to explore further into mid to high- end markets and develop new products by focusing on market demands. In terms of overall strategy, the Group will continue to implement structural adjustments, promote high quality development, accelerate the shift in growth drivers and promote intelligent manufacturing to improve the Group’s development trajectory and profitability. With respect to daily operations, the Group will continue to improve overall management and operation efficiency and strengthen internal control management. The Group will source cotton globally in line with changes in the market for raw textile materials, so as to reduce the impact of cotton price fluctuations on operating results. Efforts will be made to promote equipment and technology upgrades alongside improvement in labor efficiency and reduction of labor costs. The Group will also strictly comply with the requirements of energy conservation and environmental protection, in an effort to promote “green manufacturing”. 