The Group is a leading happy living service provider nationwide. In the “2017 China Property Service Top 100 Enterprises Research Results Conference” organized by China Index Academy (a professional independent third-party Real Estate Research Organization in China), we once again won the first place of “China’s top 100 leading enterprises in terms of Property Service Satisfaction”, which is the praise of our services, and is one of the important drivers for the continuous expansion of our management scale, update of our service system and sustained growth of financial performance. For the year ended 31 December 2017, the Company achieved: Revenue was RMB5,140.1 million. Compared with that of the same period of year ended 31 December 2016, which was RMB3,721.9 million, the growth rate on year-on-year basis reached 38.1%, which set a new record for the Group’s performance. The Group’s revenue comes from three segments: (i) property services, (ii) community living services, and (iii) consulting services. During the year, (i) the revenue from the property services is still the Group’s largest source of income and profit, which was up to RMB3,559.6 million, accounting for 69.3% of the Group’s income. Compared with RMB2,619.9 million in the year of 2016, there’s a year-on-year growth of 35.9%; (ii) community living services revenue reached RMB900.1 million, accounting for 17.5% of the Group’s income. Compared with the year of 2016, there was a year-on-year growth of 86.0%, which continued to keep the strong growth momentum; (iii) the revenue of consulting services amounted to RMB680.3 million, which accounted for 13.2% of the Group’s income, revealing a year-on-year growth of 10.1% compared with the whole year of 2016. GREENTOWN SERVICE GROUP CO. LTD. ANNUAL REPORT 2017 % of the total % of the total Property under Management Community living Community products & Community space Property asset management Cultural & education During the year, the cost of sales was RMB4,193.7 million, which was an increase of 39.5% compared with that of RMB3,005.9 million in the same period of 2016 and it was slightly higher than the Group’s income growth of 38.1%. This is mainly due to the fact that our cost increased as the scale expanded. At the same time, some of our business adjustment and structural optimization also brought some impact on this aspect. Certainly, the Group has been focusing on cost control, and in 2018, we will be more active in discussing the direction of replacing basic functionality with automation, to improve the organization, technology and labor efficiency. The Group’s administrative expenses was RMB416.0 million, an increase of 51.3% compared with RMB274.9 million in 2016. This growth rate is larger than the trend of Group’s income growth, which is mainly because: (i) increased demand for personnel services resulting from rapid income growth and an increase in staff expenditure brought by a rise in per capita wage; (ii) investment in the construction of intelligent facilities, equipment and information systems. For instance, the internal Big Data center, the upgrade of project management system, system software development, and hardware maintenance, etc.; (iii) investment in building support center platforms, which include financial sharing centers and human resources sharing centers, in order to manage personnel costs, improve management efficiency; and (iv) the office expenses as a result of the Group’s relocation into the new self-purchased headquarter building at the end of 2016. Gross profit has reached RMB946.4 million, a growth of 32.2% compared with RMB716.0 million in 2016. Gross profit margin was 18.4%, decreased by 0.8%, compared with the same period of last year; the main reason for the reduction of the gross profit rate was the decline of gross profit rate in the community living service and the change in the proportion of three major business components. Gross profit margin for property service was 11.2%, slightly higher than 10.9% in 2016. Although the unit labor costs keep rising, the Group spares no efforts to provide more premium service experience for owners through applying the Internet, utilization of intelligent devices and improvement in management system. Also, the Group categorizes the communities it manages into certain service levels according to the different charge standards, formulates customized standards for equipment improvements and service plan, to make sure the consistency in customer experiences in different projects, as well as provide protection for the rapid expansion of the Group across the country. As a result of the establishment of automatic, centralized and standardized management system, the Group can realize the excellent cost control while keep the satisfaction of customers. Gross profit margin for consulting service was 36.1%, slightly higher than 35.5% in 2016, which has been stable in recent years. The adjustment to new policies of consulting services has affected the change in gross profit margin. GREENTOWN SERVICE GROUP CO. LTD. ANNUAL REPORT 2017 Gross profit margin for community living service was 33.5%, there was an obvious decline as compared to 43.5% in 2016. This was mainly due to the rapid changes in sales portfolio as a result of the strategic planning of development of community living services. (i) Community products & services, because of the inherent nature of its products, mainly quality agriculture products like rice and fruits, its gross profit margin was lower than the average gross profit margin of community living services. Accordingly, when such products and services grew rapidly and achieved a year-on-year growth of 64.4%, brought strong revenue, however, it would dilute the average gross margin. (ii) Continuous expansion and investment in property asset management services. Property asset management service, being the key component of community living service segment, contributed 55.7% to revenue of community living services in 2017, and property agency business (“ ”) is the major income source of this business line. Since 2017, the rise in initial investment, as a result of the geography expansion of property agency business, including shop rent and employment of staff, led to the continuous drop in gross profit of this segment, and work to average down the overall gross margin of community living service. Therefore, we will continue to pay more attention to and control the cost of this segment. (iii) Strategic adjustment and further investment in cultural & education services. Since the second half of 2017, the implementation of the Private Education Promotion Law ( ) and some negative publications on education industry lead to the higher entry barrier for these industries, and the Group has a deeper understanding about the owners’ rising demand for high-end education. The Group has set stricter requirements for the establishment and operation of the equipment and field, and devoted more resources into the research in education curriculum system and salary of teachers and training system. Gross profit margin of this segment was negative which was -44.1% affecting the overall average gross margin of community living services. (i) (ii) (iii) The sales portfolio of community living services will keep adjusting, therefore, the Board believes that the average gross margin for the future will continue to adjust downwards, but the Board has closely monitored and controlled the community services in terms of the costs. During the year, the gross margin for community living service decreased by 2.3% only, as compared to that of 35.8% in interim period of 2017, showing that the measures for managing and controlling the cost started to make effect. Net Finance income/(costs) The finance income during the year was RMB18.2 million, increased by 244.3% compared with that of RMB5.3 million in the same period of 2016. This is because of the increase in operating capital of the Group, together with the large amount of capital raised to list on the Stock Exchange. In this sense, the interest rate of bank has been greatly increased. On the other hand, the Group did not have the financing cost, mainly because in 2016 the fund was used to repay all the bank loans. Interest income on listed Interest income on bank deposits Net finance income/(costs) The profits and losses of the associate company and joint In 2017, profits of associates amounted to RMB7.3 million, increased by RMB2.9 million, or 64.8% from RMB4.4 million in 2016. One of the property service companies performed strongly and realized profit of RMB15.4 million. Profits of joint venture amounted to RMB0.3 million, turning to profit from loss. GREENTOWN SERVICE GROUP CO. LTD. ANNUAL REPORT 2017 The income tax for the year was RMB116.8 million, decreased by 5.6% from RMB123.8 million during the same period of 2016, and the tax burden fell from 29.6% in 2016 to 23.0% of this year; excluding the effect of withholding tax, the tax burden fell from 27.6% in 2016 to 25.1% of this year. It is mainly because the Group has improved the tax management system, and strengthened the tax control. According to China’s relevant tax regulations, the Group considered that the income will not be distributed to the overseas in last year and the year of 2018, so in 2017, the Group set back the withholding tax of its Chinese subsidiaries. Origination and reversal of Withholding tax on the profits of Under the rules and regulations of the Cayman Islands and the British Virgin Islands, the Group is not subject to any income tax in Cayman Islands and British Virgin Islands. The income tax rate applicable to a subsidiary incorporated in Hong Kong for the income subject to Hong Kong Profits Tax during the year was 16.5%. No provision for Hong Kong Profits Tax was made for the year ended 31 December 2017 as the Group did not earn any income which was subject to Hong Kong Profits Tax. Individual Chinese companies under the Group are usually required to pay an enterprise income tax at 25% of taxable income and, unless otherwise prescribed, the tax rate is determined in accordance with China’s relevant income tax regulations and regulations. During the year, profits of the Company were RMB392.1 million, an increase of 33.0% compared with the same period last year; profit attributable to equity shareholders of the Company was RMB387.5 million, a growth of 35.7% compared with the same period in 2016; net profit margin, being profit attributable to equity shareholders of the Company divided by revenue, was 7.5%, a slight decrease of 0.2% over 7.7% in the previous year. The slight decline in margin was due to: mainly a strategies investment in Cultural and Educational Service and Property asset management service. By nature, the strategies investment experienced a decline in net margin and this situation will continue in the short future. The board believes these two sub-service line will be the important growth drivers and help the Group to seize the opportunity of development in future. Earnings per share was RMB0.14, a year-on-year growth of 16.7%. The Group maintained a good financial condition during the year. The current assets for the year was RMB2,936.4 million, increased by 2.9% compared to RMB2,853.1 million in 2016. The Group’s cash and cash equivalents amounted to RMB1,836.5 million, decreased by 15.8% from RMB2,181.7 million in 2016. But the corporate capital remains plentiful, with no bank loans, and is in a net cash position, with a current ratio of 1.37 during the year, at a normal level. In 2017, cash and cash equivalents of the Group amounted to RMB1,836.5 million, declined year-on-year by 15.8% as compared to RMB2,181.7 million for the year of 2016. This was mainly due to netting of (i) the net cash used in investing activities of RMB749.8 million; (ii) cash used in financing activities of RMB71.0 million; and (iii) decrease of RMB53.0 million arising from fluctuation in exchange rate. Net cash inflow from operating activities remained the stable upward trend, amounting to RMB528.6 million during the year, grew year-on-year by 34.3% from RMB393.7 million in 2016. The total equity of the Group for 2017 was RMB1,991.7 million, which increased by 14.1% from RMB1,745.7 million in 2016. This is mainly due to the accumulation of the company’s profits during the year. Because all of the Group’s business is within the PRC, the operating income and profits for the year are denominated in Renminbi. The Group’s only source of foreign currency is the Hong Kong dollar, because it witnessed a successful IPO in Hong Kong in 2016. Therefore, a single foreign currency investment income for the year was the deposit interest of the raised funds. The Group does not render that there is a major foreign currency exchange risk, or has adopted financial instruments to hedge currency risk. GREENTOWN SERVICE GROUP CO. LTD. ANNUAL REPORT 2017 During the year, the value of property, plant and equipment amounted to RMB303.9 million, which increased by 14.9% from RMB264.5 million in 2016. This is mainly due to the increase of 226 management communities, or 27.9%, under normal operation, the Group also acquired the corresponding community equipment and office equipment. During the year, trade and other receivables amounted to RMB789.7 million, increased by RMB243.0 million, or 44.4%, from RMB546.7 million in 2016. Although this percentage was higher than that of income growth, it remained within 14%–16% in 2016 and 2017 in terms of its shares of total revenue. Trade receivables (mainly property service fees) which constitute the most amounted to RMB489.1 million, increased by RMB113.7 million, or 30.3%, from RMB375.4 million in 2016, which is lower than the total revenue growth of 38.1%; share of revenue decreased to 9.5% in 2017 from 10.1% in 2016, demonstrating the good collection policies and effective implementation of amounts receivables. For the year ended 31 December 2017, receipts in advance amounted to RMB649.8 million, increased by RMB176.6 million or 37.3% when compared to RMB473.2 million in 2016, which was generally in line with the growth rate of the revenue. Receipts in advance mainly represents the property service fees paid by owners in advance. This year, this amount amounted to RMB1,303.6 million, 38.3% higher than RMB942.9 million in 2016. This is mainly due to: (i) the growth in trade payable and (ii) the increase in the amount of payment collected on behalf of owners. This growth is linked to the Group’s volume of business, which is generally in line with the revenue growth of 38.1% for the year. Property Services – accounting for 69.3% of total revenue, Property services are the Group’s largest revenue and margin source. During the past 19 years since the establishment till now, the Group has been mainly adopting the overall rationing system for service charging. Based on our management experience and cost control capability over the past 19 years, property services provide us with stable revenue and profit, as well as good reputation. Throughout Revenue reaching RMB3,559.6 million, an increase of 35.9%compared with RMB2,619.9 million in 2016, achieving a steady rise compared with the Group’s previous growing tendency of 30%. Gross profit reaching RMB399.3 million, up 39.5% from RMB286.3 million in 2016. % of property service % of managed % of property service % of managed The managed GFA reaching 137.8 million square meters, an increase of 31.0% compared with 105.2 million square meters in 2016, or net increase of 32.6 million square meters, increased by 20.3 million square meters compared with 117.5 million square meters in the interim period of 2017. The increase in new projects brings us endogenous growth momentum and is also the main source of the continued increase in revenue and profits from property services. At the same time, based on the market demand for high-end property services, we have also actively expanded to the stock market, promoted the increase of managed GFA during the year, resulting in increased income, which is also the reason why the managed GFA has set a historical high during the year. GREENTOWN SERVICE GROUP CO. LTD. ANNUAL REPORT 2017 Reserved GFA, as one of the most important sources of managed GFA in the future, reached a new high of 150.0 million square meters in the year, a growth of 25.6% compared with 119.4 million square meters in 2016, or net increase of 31.6 million square meters. This is for the fourth consecutive year that the Group’s reserved GFA is higher than the managed GFA, showing that the total area of new items we acquire each year not only fills in the area changing from reserve to delivery, but also brings net increase and added reserve, providing a solid foundation for the Group’s future growth. 1,035 management projects, covering 120 cities in 24 provinces, municipalities and autonomous regions in China, while there were 809 management projects in 2016. Greentown China Holdings Limited (“Greentown China”, stock code: 3900.HK) is our Shareholder and our biggest customer as well as important partner. During the year, Greentown China’s sales amount accounted for 4.4% of the Group’s total sales. Since its inception, the Group has been operating independently, facing the national market to obtain projects, so there will be no excessive customer concentration. Regional distribution: as at 31 December 2017, our managed gross floor area (“GFA”) and income by region are distributed as follows: % of managed % of % of managed % of — Bohai Economic Rim — Community Living Services – accounting for 17.5% of our During the year, the community living service is still the one with the fastest growth rate among Company’s many business, and has gained revenue of RMB900.1 million, a continued rapid increase of 86.0% compared with RMB484.0 million in 2016. Among them, The community products and services (accounting for 20.7% of the community living service income): in 2017, the annual income reached more than RMB186.4 million, an year-on-year increase of 64.4% compared with RMB113.3 million in 2016. Home Life Services (accounting 7.9% of the community living service income): in 2017, the annual income reached RMB71.1 million, compared with RMB64.6 million in 2016, slightly up Community Space Services (accounting for 13.5% of the community living service income): in 2017, the annual income reached RMB121.5 million, a substantial increase of 106.6%, compared with RMB58.8 million in 2016. Property Asset Management Services (accounting for 55.7% of the community living service income): in 2017, the annual income reached RMB501.0 million, significantly increased by 112.1% compared with RMB236.2 million in 2016. Cultural and education services (accounting for 2.2% of the revenue of the community living services): in 2017, the annual income reached RMB20.2 million, a year-on-year increase rate of 81.9% compared with RMB11.1 million in the same period of Community products Property asset management GREENTOWN SERVICE GROUP CO. LTD. ANNUAL REPORT 2017 Community living services is the Group’s fastest growing business segment. Community living service provides systematic products and service solutions based on owners’ full range of life scene and the entire life cycle of real estate, it is the extension of property services, but also an important component of our strategic objective as a “Happy Life Service Provider”. Since 2017, we made continuous adjustment and optimization of the relevant content of community living services based on the actual situation of our strategic plan. In terms of community products and services, we facilitate mainly the rice-centered “Happy Granary” plan, to provide for the owners high-quality agricultural and sideline products. And on this basis, according to the owners’ product demand for China’s traditional festivals (Dragon Boat Festival, Mid-Autumn Festival, etc.), we enrich product types in the community to meet the owner’s demand. We, based on this, will also deepen cooperation with enterprise customers among owners, to enhance our product bargaining advantage at the same time of developing them into B-end customers. In the meantime, we will improve the owner’s product experience, based on the advantage brought by the investment in the new retailing industry, Haolingju, with the cooperation of Xian Life and Yiguo, we also set out to layout community business, and plan to take advantage of the management experience and advantages of Haolingju and Xian Life in the new retail area, to build our community convenience store in the managed community with the implementation of rapid replication to promote the development of industrial community products and services. In terms of property asset management services, during the year, various local governments have issued policies to promote housing leasing market, rent and purchase to the residential needs. And a series of policy incentives to accelerate the cultivation and development of housing leasing market have been introduced one after another, making the leasing market the priority of government policy. This has also verified the correctness of our strategic deployment for this part of the business. In the future, we planned to continue to carry out the regional expansion plan, and will optimize the development strategy: to carry out the strategy step by step according to the distribution of the managed project, and the activity degree of second-hand housing transaction. In addition, we also established “Uhomelifes” brand to carry out housing rental business for community owner’s idle assets. These businesses are in a fast-expanding phase, and will still affect the gross profit margin of that division to be adjusted downward further in the next period of time. But we believe that although this is necessary to seize market opportunities, we still need a certain amount of time to make adjustment, so as to establish a stable business model of asset management operations eventually, improve the value-added of our services, and bring a stable source of income and profit. In terms of cultural and education services, we adjusted the early childhood education development strategy according to the market and the industry situation, focused on the early preschool education high-end market, and promoted specialization level and marketability degree. In the past year, in addition to the adjustment of strategic positioning, business development model has also been adjusted. From the “all-inclusive” community education concept, with platform cooperation strategy transformation as the chain-store strategy for early education, we continuously streamlined low value-added high risk projects, and introduced high-end education system, and moved toward the parallel-tracking approach of “introduction + independent R&D”. During the year, due to external policies and some adverse events in the industry, and the adjustment of our strategic positioning and requirements, through proprietary trading and cooperation, we’ve invested and built a total of 27 Qi Miao Yuan related education points. Some education points are being decorated and have yet to be operated. As stated in the 2017 interim report, the continued investment in this part is expected to be profitable in the third year, and based on our continued commitment to the rapid occupation of the education market, the overall profit-making cycle of that part of the service may be stretched and we will monitor it to make our overall or community living service division profit free from its impact as far as possible. In addition, we will actively explore the service system of the home-based care for elderly in the community, to improve the community living service content, to research and develop appropriate products for the high-end need of the elderly, and to create the industry’s leading care services brand. Consulting services – accounting for 13.2% of the total As discussed in the 2016 annual report, the Group is fully aware of and actively responding to the structural changes in the business environment of the consultancy service. For instance, we cooperate with Mercedes-Benz, Chrysler and other auto 4s stores and some local governments to gradually expand our customer base; at the same time, we provide the extension of service content and type, such as the provision of activities planning, organization, and the application of field robot. In addition, our “Green Alliance” service, by accurately understanding the property service enterprises’ demand for the improvement of service quality in the market, has gained the market recognition, thus promoting the performance enhancing of the management of consulting services. In 2017, the consulting services income reached RMB680.3 million, an increase rate of 10.1% compared with the annual growth of 2016, and compared with the growth rate of 2.7% in mid-year of 2017, there has been a more significant increase, which also verified that new strategy for our consulting services is effective. GREENTOWN SERVICE GROUP CO. LTD. ANNUAL REPORT 2017 Project under Management consulting Nos. of Average revenue/ project Nos. of Average revenue/ project Project under Management consulting During the year, the revenue for project under construction services reached RMB572.7 million, a year-on-year increase of 9.6% compared with that in 2016. And compared with the 0.2% growth rate in the middle of 2017, there has been a significant increase. This is mainly because of the number of customers we serve has been further expanded with the growth of the new contract area of property management services, and through the way we expand our customer base. During the year, the revenue for management consulting services reached RMB107.6 million, an increase of 12.7% compared with the same period in 2016. This is mainly because primary results have been achieved with the implementation of “Green Alliance” service. On the original model of deliver management services to customers, we have not only enhance the maintaining time of business partnership, but also let more property service enterprises to choose to establish a “Green Alliance” partnership with us, thereby driving the increase of income. During the year, the consulting service gross profit was 245.4 million, an increase of 11.9% compared with 219.3 million in 2016. Based on our effectiveness in the strategic transformation of consulting services in 2017, in 2018 we will continue to advance the strategy implementation. In addition to continuing to promote the “Green Alliance” business, we will also further explore the value of our enterprise customers, to provide our customers with the Group’s mature management and technology system, such as centralized procurement, personnel training, quality certification, etc., so as to improve the value of consulting services, maintain and promote the future growth of consulting services. On 12 July 2016, the company successfully listed on the main board of the Stock Exchange and issued 777,776,000 new shares. Excluding the underwriting fees and related expenses, the total proceeds from Listing is HK$1,472 million (equivalent to RMB1,265.8 million). These proceeds will be used in accordance with the prospectus of the Company dated 28 June 2016 (the “Prospectus”) and the purpose of the Company’s announcement issued on 15 September 2017: 49% for acquiring property services companies and value-added services providers (22% has been used) 7% for the development and promotion of the “Smart Community” project, and community products and services (4.5% has been used) 19% for repayment of loans (has been fully used) 25% for working capital and general enterprise use (18% has been used) At the Board meeting held on 23 March 2018, the Board recommended the payment of a final dividend of HK$0.06 per ordinary share of the Company. The final dividend will be paid on 21 June 2018. The Board is of the view that the Group has generated considerable cash from its remarkable operating performance in the year, and the Group also keeps large amount of cash in addition to funds required for its operations. The Board always believes in sharing the positive return from the Group’s growth with its shareholders through dividend distribution. The payout ratio is higher than that disclosed in the Prospectus, namely the payout ratio will not be less than 25% of profit after taxation. GREENTOWN SERVICE GROUP CO. LTD. ANNUAL REPORT 2017 Since the listing, the Company has been actively and prudently monitoring acquisition opportunities in the market. It also adjusted the use of proceeds as disclosed in the Prospectus based on acquisition activities in the market and removed the original limit of proceeds applied for acquisition of property and community projects. Apart from pursuing equity cooperation in property services as the ongoing strategy (which takes into account the quality of customers, the compatibility with the business of the Company and a relatively diverse portfolio of property projects of the target companies), we also showed an active interest in possible acquisitions of community living service business. During the year, we completed a total of 19 equity cooperation projects, including the establishment of new joint ventures. In addition to the large-scale acquisition projects disclosed in the 2017 interim report, namely Jilin Tianshun Property Service Company Limited, Tianjin Yinte Property Service Company Limited and Zhejiang Lansong Supply Chain Management Company Limited, we completed two major acquisitions in the year. Place of Acquisition Equity interest Zhejiang Lvbang Property Services Property We acquired Idea Thrive Limited through the establishment of an associated company with Xianlife and ExFresh, details of which please refer to the announcement of the Company dated 29 October 2017. This was our first major acquisition in the field of community living services. We hope to establish and improve our own community service business model through this acquisition, thereby supporting the rapid development of community products and services. We have been cautious in undertaking acquisitions. We also actively seize good opportunities when they arise. Looking forward, we will advance our acquisition strategy, closely monitor the market and seek the best acquisition opportunities. As at the end of 2017, the Group had no contingent liabilities. Staff costs and sub-contracting costs, which are derived from outsourcing security and cleaning services to sub-contractors, represent the single largest component in our cost of sales. In most of the regions we operate, wages have been rising in general. As the number of communities under our management increases each year, our headcount and, in turn, total wages go up. Therefore, we attach great importance to staff and subcontracting costs as well as quality control to maintain and improve profitability. Our control measures include: (a) taking the initiative to install automated management equipment, so as to cut labour cost. For example, we promoted the upgrade of intelligent gate system and the application of patrol robots; (b) strengthening the supervision and control over the quality of outsourced staff and services. Excluding the increase in headcount resulting from acquisitions, the overall staff growth (including outsourced service staff) was less than revenue growth in 2017. The effectiveness of such measures in cost control has been proven and the Group believes there is plenty of room for further cost control as it is only in the early stage. GREENTOWN SERVICE GROUP CO. LTD. ANNUAL REPORT 2017 There are inherent risks of work-related injury or accidents occurring due to the nature of property services we perform, for example, when our employees or employees of our sub-contractors provide repair and maintenance services to elevators of the residential communities we manage. During the Reporting Period, we did not experience any work injury incident or accident in the course of our operations that resulted in a material and adverse effect on our business, financial position and results of operations. We typically require our sub-contractors to maintain accident personal injury insurance policies. We also purchase liability insurance such as general liability, property and machinery insurances for the communities we manage, in order to protect us from claims due to negligence or reckless acts of our staff and employees of our sub- contractors. More importantly, in order to instruct our staff to follow the standard procedures at work, we provide regular training on safety and job skills. This prevents and reduces work-related injury or accidents and the possible claims arise when employees perform their duties. In 2017, a babysitter set a flat on fire in the “Sapphire Mansion”, a community under our management, which resulted in casualties. The court has made the first instance judgment and the retrial is in progress. For the Company, the incident was a lesson on the importance of having a chief safety officer and optimizing the safety management system. We strengthened the inspection of the fire and safety system in all communities under our management. We also invited the fire safety department to educate employees and house owners on fire safety. This facilitated talents nurturing and safety management efforts, with the aim of improving safety and prevention works in the communities we operated. The Group conducts its business mainly in China and in Renminbi. Therefore, it is exposed to minimal foreign exchange risk. Nonetheless, depreciation or appreciation of Renminbi and Hong Kong dollar against foreign currencies may affect the Group’s results. The Group currently does not hedge our foreign exchange risks, but continuously monitors foreign exchange exposure. The management will consider hedging the foreign exchange exposure if it has a material impact on the Group. The Group has established its human resources policies and training mechanism in the year, which offer a diversified platform for training and personal growth. The remuneration package offered to the staff was in line with their duties and the prevailing market terms. Discretionary bonuses based on individual performance will be paid to employees as a recognition of and reward for their contributions. Staff benefits, including pension, medical coverage and provident funds, are also provided to employees of the Group. As at 31 December 2017, the Group had 20,639 employees and the total staff costs were RMB1,670.0 million. 