The key financial indicators are analysed as below: Variance(%) Profit attributable to owners Earnings per share (HK cents) Variance(%) Total equity attributable to Current ratio (times) For the year ended 31 December 2021 (the “Year”), revenue from the continuing operations for the Year amounted to HK$84,689,000, representing an increase of HK$6,054,000 as compared with HK$78,635,000 for the corresponding period of 2020. Revenue of the new cultural space division increased by HK$5,118,000 as compared to the corresponding period of last year, and revenue of the Computer Graphic (“CG”) creation and production division increased by HK$936,000 as compared to the corresponding period of last year. CG creation and Mainland China Cost of sales from the continuing operations for the Year amounted to HK$40,125,000, representing a decrease of HK$2,708,000 as compared with HK$42,833,000 for the corresponding period of 2020, which was mainly attributable to the decrease in the outsourcing production cost for the CG production. Other income from the continuing operations for the Year amounted to HK$20,850,000 (2020: HK$13,061,000) was mainly from government grants of HK$12,400,000 and interest income HK$8,225,000. Distribution and selling expenses from the continuing operations for the Year amounted to HK$11,452,000, representing an increase of HK$7,738,000 as compared with HK$3,714,000 for the corresponding period of 2020, which was mainly attributable to the increase in marketing expenses arising from distribution of an animated film. Administrative expenses from the continuing operations for the Year amounted to HK$37,407,000, representing an increase of HK$1,648,000 as compared with HK$35,759,000 for the corresponding period of 2020, which was mainly attributable to the increase in staff costs. Provision for Impairment of Financial Assets and Provision for impairment of financial assets and contract assets from the continuing operations for the Year amounted to HK$242,000 (2020: HK$586,000), which was the provision for impairment of amount due from an associate. Other net gains from the continuing operations for the Year amounted to HK$6,032,000 (2020: HK$1,757,000), which was mainly from the increase of HK$6,038,000 in change in fair value of investment property. Finance cost from continuing operations for the Year amounted to HK$14,000 (2020: HK$65,000). The Group does not have any loans, and the finance cost for the Year represented the interest expense on lease liabilities recognised in accordance with Hong Kong Financial Reporting Standard 16. Based on the above factors, profit from the continuing operations for the Year amounted to HK$15,963,000, representing an increase of HK$7,856,000 as compared with the profit of HK$8,107,000 the corresponding period of Loss from discontinued operation for the Year amounted to HK$15,140,000. Such loss increased by HK$14,105,000 as compared with HK$1,035,000 for the corresponding period of 2020, mainly due to: 1) the adjustment in provision for rental and settlement payables of HK$13,931,000 (equivalent to RMB12,385,000) generated in relation to the litigations of the cultural park in 2020, while there was no similar adjustment for the Year; and 2) the payment of employee severance compensation for the Year. As at 31 December 2021, the Group had cash and cash equivalents of HK$318,845,000 (2020: HK$306,850,000), which were mainly denominated in Renminbi, United States dollars and Hong Kong dollars, and restricted bank deposits amounted to HK$46,603,000 (2020: HK$36,462,000). As at at 31 December 2021 and 2020, the Group had no borrowings or overdrafts. The Group’s current ratio was 1.28 (2020: 1.23), which was calculated based on current assets of HK$383,056,000 and current liabilities of HK$299,089,000. The Group adheres to the principle of prudent financial management and investment and strives to maintain healthy financial position. Equity attributable to owners of the Company amounted to HK$506,496,000 as at 31 December 2021 (2020: HK$467,168,000). The increase was mainly due to increase in special reserve of HK$19,813,000 from the disposal of 10% equity interest in a subsidiary in Mainland China (for the purpose of this annual report “Mainland China” refers to the mainland of the People’s Republic of China (the “PRC”) and does not include Hong Kong, Macau and Taiwan) for the Year, the profit attributable to owners of the Company of HK$5,668,000 and the exchange differences of HK$14,039,000 on translation of financial statements attributable to owners of the Company from functional currency to presentation currency. Material Acquisitions, Disposals and Significant The Group did not have any material acquisitions, disposals and significant investment during the year ended 31 December 2021. As at 31 December 2021, there were no charges on any of the Group’s assets for loans and bank facilities. Currently, the Group earns revenue mainly in Renminbi, and incurs costs mainly in Renminbi, Hong Kong dollars and United States dollars. The Directors believe that the Group’s operational cash flow and liquidity do not have significant foreign exchange exposure, and thus has not implemented any foreign currency hedging policy at the moment. However, if necessary, the Group will consider using forward exchange contracts to hedge against foreign currency exposure. The closing Renminbi exchange rate as at 31 December 2021 was approximately 1.3% and 3.0% higher than average Renminbi exchange rate and the exchange rate as at the end of 2020, respectively, and such exchange differences led to an additional exchange gain of approximately HK$9.91 million being recognised in the other comprehensive income upon translation of its net assets in the financial statements of operations in Mainland China of the Group for the Year. The above exchange rate fluctuations did not have any significant impact on the Group’s financial position. Save for note 32 to the consolidated financial statements, the Group had no significant contingent liabilities as at 31 December 2021. Details of significant events occurring after the reporting period are set out in note 35 to the consolidated financial statements. As at 31 December 2021, the Group employed 194 (2020: 221) full time employees (other than employees of the Group’s associates). The Group remunerates its employees mainly with reference to the prevailing market practice, individual performance and experience. Other benefits, such as medical coverage, insurance plan, mandatory provident fund, discretionary bonus and employee share option scheme are also available to the employees of the Group. For the year ended 31 December 2021, neither the Company nor its subsidiaries had paid or committed to pay any amount as an inducement to join or upon joining the Company and/or its subsidiaries to any individual. The revenue of the CG creation and production division of the Group was mainly attributable to the incomes from production services of animated films, television series and digital virtual characters, box office receipts of original and co-produced animated films, authorizing the copyrights of animated films and television series as well as authorizing businesses derived from the IP. The production projects mainly came from the PRC. Our CG creation and production division undertook a series of projects produced with cutting-edge digital virtual character technology, including the 3D animation production of a digital virtual character, Ai Ling* ( ), digital scenes of reality Internet, the digital city of Metaverse, digital virtual staff, animated virtual idols, live streaming for virtual marketing conducted by virtual spokesperson, as well as the digital anchor of “Shunliu’s Talk on Party History”* ( Wang Hongpeng Executive Director and the Managing Director An ocean-themed original animated film, “Journey to the Center of the Deep Ocean”* ( ), produced with new characters and stories was officially released during the Dragon Boat Festival on 12 June. Notwithstanding that the box office receipts of the film were affected by the prevention and control measures against COVID-19 in Guangdong Province, it still ranked the first in the domestic animated film box office on the day of screening on 1 June, and was recommended by CCTV and rewarded positive reviews. Another ocean-themed original animated film, “Around the World in 80 Days”* ( 80 ), is currently in the early stage of story writing and art design. The Yangtze River-themed animated film “Finless Porpoise: Dance in the Wind”* ( · ) co-producing with Jiangxi Cultural Performance Group* ( ) and Jiangxi Hukou Cultural Tourism Group* ( ) is currently in production and distribution by the Group with strenuous efforts. The authorization of the business derived from the IP of animation was rolled out during the year, creating a product line for touring exhibitions and launching products such as food for mothers and babies, apparel, entertainment, interactive experience, books and popular science education, which landed in more than ten first-tier cities. Currently, it focuses on expanding the authorization of apparel and food, and has developed fashion jewelry in Chinese style for young consumers. It has also created a series of tiger mascots in connection with the Year of the Tiger, and cooperated with toy manufacturers and video platforms to develop ocean-themed smart toys. The revenue of the new cultural space division of the Group was mainly generated from rental and management fee income related to properties in various locations. GDC Building in Shenzhen continued to attract high- quality animated film and television, high technology and cultural and creative enterprises, which led to the use of digital vision as core and the extension to industries such as networks, games, virtual interactions and artificial intelligence. With the utilization of its self-developed digital technology cloud platform for cloud data and information processing to provide professional operation management services for the parks, it has continued to enhance the digital technology management system as well as to improve ancillary facilities and services. Foshan Digital Animation Industry Base* ( ) has strived to be turned into Digital Animation Incubation Base* ( ) and a base of Live Streaming for Virtual Marketing* ( ), and it is making good progress. The preparation for the Chengdu Sports Park project*( ) is in full swing. The project is an innovative ecological sports park project operated by GDC with the philosophy of “Cultural IP + Technology + Sports”, redefining the city with culture and creating city landmark with technology. In addition, the Group has several projects under business negotiation in Chengdu. The sci-fi themed digital park project of Shougang Innovative Center* ( ) is also being actively conceived and planned, in order to create a new experience space for immersive online and offline experiences as well as integration between culture and technology. The Group has first-mover advantage in the construction of Metaverse application technology, as well as possesses application and business experience in the areas of digital virtual simulation and full-real digital scenario, with which it has swiftly mapped its business layout in the digital virtual character industry. The Group has completed the development of computer animated character and artificial intelligence engine driver interface, as well as optimized the production process and technics. The Group has also continued to enhance the improvement and application of new technologies such as unreal game engine and real- time rendering for lightings, and has conducted continuous product marketization for its own IP – CG Aline cloud platform, a document automated management system. In particular, as to digital virtual character technology, software and hardware solutions of semi-automatic control integrated system, highly accurate full-body mo-tion capture, and artificial intelligence control have been designed to be applied to made-to-orders for digital staff, virtual spokespersons and digital scene customization. The related technology has received affirmative comments in the industry. Meanwhile, it plans to develop a digital virtual character IP asset matrix and a digital virtual character software-as-a-service (“SaaS”) platform available for free choice and customization to provide technical integration solutions in the areas such as live streaming for virtual marketing, financial services and local digital spokespersons. As to digital virtual characters and immersive technology in extended reality (“XR”), the Group is striving for in-depth cooperation with local and overseas leading companies in the fields of computing chips, wearable equipment, artificial intelligence and voice recognition technology to promote commercial applications. As to government awards, it has been funded by the governments at all levels in Shenzhen and Nanshan District for various fields such as original animation, original research and development, corporate research and development investment, high-tech enterprise cultivation, and intellectual property rights. Besides, it was rewarded the honorary titles of Municipal Child-friendly Practice Base in Shenzhen* ( ), Green Channel Enterprise in Nanshan District, Shenzhen* ( ), and Child-friendly Practice Base in Nanshan District* ( As to works awards, it was rewarded various honors, including Annual Science Film and Television Nominee Award by China Association for Science and Technology* ( ), Excellence Award for Animation Feature Film of Dynamic Golden Sheep Support Program* ( ), Excellence Award for Animation Brand Authorization* ( ), the second runner up of the Radio and Television Award in Guangdong Province* ( ), and the Jury Special Award of the Shenzhen Youth Video Festival* ( The Group will make substantial investment in the industrial chain related to the Metaverse. The Metaverse combined cutting-edge technologies from multi-disciplinary, is the next-generation Internet with virtual-real symbiosis, and is the digital embodiment of the future social economy and cultural civilization. The Group will be seizing the development opportunities from the Metaverse and the cutting-edge technology industries in the future, and will leverage its first-mover advantage in the virtual reality and the science fiction industries to target the Metaverse and mapping its business layout, extending from the production tools of digital virtual character to Virtual Reality digital assets and creating an ecology of user-generated content, thus striving to become a marketization entity which is a Metaverse-related industry chain. Animated film and television original business will continue to develop multiple theme series such as ocean exploration, Yangtze River stories, Chinese mythology and science fictions in the future. The undertaking and production business will further expand the animated films, web dramas, game promos and game animation production businesses, which provides high-quality and stable production services for first-tier enterprises. Following the inception of Sports Park project in Chengdu* ( ), the Group will embrace “Cultural IP + Technology + Sports” as core value, operate the cultural new space with the concept of commercialization, and create an innovative ecological sports park, thereby redefining the city with culture and creating a city icon with technology. Meanwhile, the Group will also model a product matrix mainly on high-tech experience, high-tech operation and high-tech industry, enhance the capability of replication, as well as continue to expand new projects. *For identification purpose only 