The financial year-end date of Hung Hing Printing Group Limited (the listed company) and its Hong Kong subsidiaries has been changed to 31 December, effective from 2012. This change allows all Group companies, both in Hong Kong and China, to share a common financial year- end date, facilitating streamlined preparation of the consolidated financial statements. This change has resulted in a reduction in the reporting period to nine months (April to December 2012). To facilitate meaningful comparison, we provide the relevant data for the comparable previous period (April to December 2011) on page 20 (Financial Information Summary). In the following paragraphs also, the terms ‘current’ and ‘previous period’ refer to the nine months April to December. It should be noted that the financial data for the prior nine-month period has not been reviewed nor audited by our auditor. For the nine months ended 31 December 2012, the Group turnover rose 6% to HK$2,407 million. Despite weak economic conditions in our export markets, revenue for our Book and Package Printing division increased by 15% as compared to the previous period as a result of repeat orders from existing customers, as well as orders from new customers. This increase was partially offset by the relatively soft performance of our other businesses, Consumer Product Packaging, Corrugated Box and Paper Trading, which faced a slowdown in the domestic market and export processing across the Pearl River Delta. During the current period, commodity and other material costs remained stable. While wages rose by more than 10%, mirroring macro trends in mainland China, the rate of increase was substantially lower than the 20% prevailing in 2010–2011. In response to these trends, we have continued to maintain and tighten our controls over costs and price quotations. As a result, the Group’s profit before tax rose 26% to HK$71 million. The macro economic situation in our export markets remained challenging during the period under review, amid a slow recovery in the United States and high volatility in the Euro-zone. The international book market is facing a gradual decline in demand as a result of increased uptake of e-books and mobile devices. This declining demand, combined with increasing labor cost, has accelerated the pace of consolidation among export printers in south China. As one of the largest and most reputable printers in the region, Hung Hing has benefited from this trend to increase revenues. The Group continues to expand its presence in the high quality packaging and innovative paper product businesses. We have made significant inroads into the luxury packaging business. Partnering with Rengo of Japan, our second-largest shareholder, we have successfully expanded our sales territory to provide quality sales and promotion displays to the Asia retail market. A slowing mainland China economy and new entrants into the packaging sector intensified the price competition that is already prevalent. We experienced a 4% reduction in revenue, amounting to HK$573 million during the period under review. In response, we have enhanced our domestic sales team and increased our focus on the packaged food and personal care sectors, leveraging upon the dust-free manufacturing zones in our Zhongshan and Wuxi plants. We are also working with some of our international publishing clients to penetrate the domestic children’s book market. Revenue by Business Unit for the Period from 1 April to 31 December 2012 The Group remains in a sound financial position. As of 31 December 2012, the Group had net cash on hand (total cash net of bank borrowings) of HK$241 million. As of 31 December 2012, the Group had bank deposits and cash on hand totaling HK$623 million, of which 67% was held in RMB, 21% in HKD, 9% in USD, 3% in Euro and Pound Sterling. The higher mix of RMB helped the Group to mitigate the impact of RMB appreciation on the Group’s operating expenses and enabled the Group to earn a higher interest income of HK$8.8 million. As of 31 December 2012, the Group’s total bank borrowings amounted to HK$382 million. The Group’s gearing ratio (bank borrowings to total equity) stood at 14% compared with 19% in the previous year. Per the repayment schedules in the Group’s loan agreements with banks, HK$153 million is repayable within one year, HK$130 million is repayable within one to two years, and HK$99 million is repayable within two to five years. Of the Group’s total borrowings, 97% was borrowed in HKD, 2% in USD and 1% in RMB. Of this, 91% was owed to banks in Hong Kong at interest rates in reference to the HIBOR or the bank’s cost of funds plus certain mark-up %, and the remaining 9% was owed to banks in mainland China at interest rates in reference to the People’s Bank of China (PBOC) base rate or the bank’s cost of funds plus certain mark-up %. Total interest expenses amounted to HK$7.2 million during the reporting period. The Group had unutilized bank loan and trade facilities totaling HK$568 million as of 31 December 2012. During the period under review, the Group invested HK$62 million (HK$141 million in the previous year) in machinery and equipment, focused on increasing production efficiency. A new 5-colour printing press was installed at the Heshan plant to expand capacity. In 2012, the Group started to track resource usage as part of its program to enhance environmental performance. Central to our philosophy is that every member of our staff needs to work in accordance with the principles of conservation. We have installed individual electricity sub-meters at each work floor and the most high-voltage equipment. Over 240 sub-meters have been installed across production areas. Resource usage is classified by type of use-machinery, air-conditioning, lighting, supporting and dormitory. Monthly electricity usage is closely monitored and usage statistics publicized to facilitate self-monitoring and improvement. We believe this will help encourage employees to practise the principles of conservation at the most granular level. During the period, nine improvement plans were implemented across the Group’s facilities. These programs jointly saved 650,000 Kwh of electricity, 250,000 liters of water, and reduced emissions of VOCs (volatile organic compounds) by 720,000 liters. In recognition of our ongoing efforts, the Heshan and Fu Yong plant have been awarded the Green Medal and the 3 years+ Green Medal respectively in the 2011/2012 Hang Seng Pearl River Delta Environmental Awards. As part of our efforts to support sustainable forests, the Group has increased its inventory of paper from certified sources and now offers FSC (Forest Stewardship Council) certified paper of all types. During the period under review, the Group purchased over 63,000 tons of FSC and PEFC (Programme for the Endorsement of Forest Certification) paper, and 146,000 tons of recycled paper. The Group also recycled 24,700 tons and 880 tons of paper and plastic waste during the period. The Group has a skilled and dedicated team at both management and worker level. We aspire to be an employer of choice and thus offer above-average remuneration packages and good working conditions. By the end of 2012, the Group employed 10,556 people, of whom 355 were based in Hong Kong and 10,201 were based in mainland China. We provide both internal and external training opportunities to our employees to enhance their work skills, and provide knowledge in occupational health and safety. During the reporting period, over 7,800 new employees attended 102,800 hours of basic training. Five hundred courses over 89,200 hours were provided to 43,400 participants. Experts from our machinery vendors provided regular training programs to our staff to enhance technical and operating capabilities. Our health and safety performance continues to improve steadily. Total incident rate (number of incidents per 100 workers per year) dropped from 0.38 last year to 0.28 this year, continuing the trend of steady improvement over the past five years. 