professional services for the Platform, including (i) legal authentication services of the suppliers; (ii) third party electronic payment services; and (iii) the metals trading platform during the fourth quarter of 2012. During the year, Group shareholders incurred a loss of HK$0.16 cents per share (2011: HK$0.71 cents per share). The Board recommends that no dividend be paid for the year ended 31 December 2012. In summary, 2012 was a year in which we achieved solid development in our business, with a turnaround from loss to profit in the annual results before taxation. During the period under review, the Company was authorised by Guocai Science & Technology Company Limited* ( ) (“PRC Partner”), to enter into cooperation agreements with the procurement centers of the local governments in Nanhai, Qinghai, Hainan, Hebei, Hubei, Shenyang, Chongqing, Guangxi and Jining. Under these agreements we will establish electronic public procurement platforms and provide technical support. The Company will help to provide the necessary software and hardware for improvement and establishment of electronic public procurement platforms as well as their connections to the Platform. The Company will also provide professional services for the service system on the platform, including procurement transaction services, digital certification services, credit search services, supply chain management services, financial services, insurance agency services and training and conference services, among others, for which the PRC Partner may charge a service fee in accordance with PRC government regulations. Furthermore, in November 2012, the Group had facilitated the Global Public Procurement (Wuhan • China) Forum and Sourcing Fair 2012 in Wuhan City, which was organised by China Federation of Logistics and Purchasing, People’s Government of Hubei Province and Wuhan Municipal People’s Government, under the guidance of Ministry of Commerce and the Development Research Centre of the State Council. Over a thousand of guests, including procurement officials of the government, investment institutes, professionals, scholars and suppliers from the USA, EU, Canada, PRC, Taiwan and Hong Kong, were present at the Forum. Several agreements, a letter of intent and a memorandum of understanding were signed by the Group with procurement centres and official institutes from different countries at the Forum. On 4 July 2012, the Company entered into a sale and purchase agreement with Wuhan Optics Valley Union Company Limited*, ( ), (the “Vendor”), an independent, third party not connected to the Company and its related parties and a limited liability company established in the PRC, to acquire an 11 floor building (the “Building”) and its basement (the ”Basement”) located at Block B6, Phase II, Optics Valley Financial Harbour, No. 77 Optics Valley Road, Donghu New Technology Development Zone, Wuhan, the PRC, for approximately HK$165,667,000 (equivalent to RMB135,000,000). The Building will function as the PRC operating headquarters of the Group providing our base from which we will establish our public procurement centre and provide, among others, our electronic public procurement transaction platform, data center services, and other third party services. In the period, the Company entered into cooperation agreements with a number of enterprises to cooperatively develop professional third party services for the Platform. Due to the Company’s ownership of the operating rights of certain services in the PRC, these cooperation agreements generated royalty income for the Company. The scope of services includes: On 26 November 2012, these arrangements included a payment service development agreement enforced into between Gongcai Network Technology Company Limited ( ) (the “CPP subsidiary”), the PRC Partner and Shenzhen Tiantianfu Technology Limited (“Shenzhen Tiantianfu”) ( ) pursuant to which Shenzhen Tiantianfu was authorised to develop and operate third party payment services for the Platform for RMB30,000,000. Shenzhen Tiantianfu contractually stipulated to provide: (i) payment services for users of the Platform; (ii) the interface and upgrade services for the payment system of the Platform; (iii) online payment routing services to the commercial banks of the PRC; and (iv) services relating to the access software of the Platform to users. Meanwhile, on 27 November 2012, the CPP subsidiary, the PRC Partner and Harbin Huaqiang entered into an authentication services cooperation agreement to establish a joint venture company which will be authorised to develop and operate authentication services for the Platform. For this the Company received a consideration of RMB30,000,000. The joint venture company will be responsible for (i) gathering and collating suppliers’ information, such as their qualifications, capabilities, credibility, lawfulness and reputation, and for building a database for this information while establishing standards for authentication and credit search services; and (ii) cooperating with a qualified law firm to issue legal authentication and credit search reports. Apart from focusing on the development of the PRC market, the Group will actively explore mergers and acquisitions opportunities to expand into the international public procurement market. In the future, the Group will adopt a mode of progressive development by both internal growth and mergers and acquisitions aiming to become the leader of the electronic public procurement industry in China. The Group will grasp business opportunities arising from the active pursuit of a resource-conserving society as envisioned by the PRC government, striving to expand its EMC business in order to create value for the Company. 28 March 2013 As at 31 December 2012, the Group maintained cash, fixed deposits and bank balances of approximately HK$113,670,000 (2011: HK$97,033,000) with secured bank loans of approximately HK$64,059,000 (2011: nil). As at 31 December 2012, the Group’s working capital and current ratio were net current assets of approximately HK$113,824,000 (2011: net current liabilities of HK$5,172,065,000) and 2.14 (31 December 2011: 0.07) respectively. In April 2012, the Company had completed the exercise of issuing corresponding preferred shares, which had cleared up the debt effects of this consideration payable. When the consideration payable is excluded, the existing available cash and bank balances are considered sufficient for the Group’s operating requirements. As at 31 December 2012, the Group’s gearing ratios, calculated as total liabilities divided by total assets was 8.77% (31 December 2011: 94.04%). As at 31 December 2012, certain interests in leasehold land and buildings with a net carrying amount of HK$150,295,000 (31 December 2011: nil) were pledged to secure specific banking facilities granted to the Group. As at 31 December 2012, the Group had no contingent liabilities. The Group has limited exposure to fluctuation in foreign currencies as most of its transactions are denominated in Hong Kong dollars, US dollars and Renminbi. Exchange rates among those currencies were relatively stable during the year under review. The Group has not entered into any foreign currency forward exchange contract for the purpose of hedging against foreign exchange risks involved in the Group’s operations. The Group determines staff remuneration in accordance with market terms and individual qualifications and performance. Staff recruitment and promotion is based on individuals’ merit and their development potential for the positions offered. For the year ended 31 December 2012, the Group employed approximately 116 employees and the total remuneration of the employees (including directors) was approximately HK$43,526,000 (2011: HK$15,789,000). The Company maintains a share option scheme (the “Share Option Scheme”), pursuant to which share options are granted to selected directors or employees of the Group, with a view to attracting and retaining quality personnel and providing them with incentive to contribute to the business and operation of the Group. 