Playmates Toys group worldwide turnover during the ﬁ rst half of 2019 was HK$157 million (same period in 2018: HK$137 million), representing an increase of 15% compared to the prior year period. The increase in turnover was driven by the rollout of Rise of the Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles products across many markets around the world starting in Fall 2018 and continuing throughout the ﬁ rst half of 2019. Gross proﬁ t ratio on toy sales was 51% (same period in 2018: 47%). The increase in gross proﬁ t ratio was attributable mainly to: (i) fewer clearance of non-carry forward products in the US market compared to the prior year period, and (ii) lower tooling expenses related to new product introductions. Recurring operating expenses increased by 15% compared to the prior year period (excluding one-time write-off of Toys “R” Us receivables in 2018), reﬂ ecting higher marketing and selling expenses for the relaunch of Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles (“TMNT”), higher distribution expenses in line with the increase in sales, and stable overhead expenses. The group reported an operating loss for the period of HK$31.1 million (same period in 2018: HK$41.5 million). Operating loss during the ﬁ rst half of 2018 included a provision for doubtful debts of HK$9.5 million for Toys “R” Us trade receivables. Net loss attributable to shareholders during the ﬁ rst half of 2019 was HK$19.9 million (same period in 2018: HK$30.5 million). Despite the continuation of Rise of the Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles and Ben 10 toy shipments throughout the year, we expect macroeconomic uncertainties and competitive pressure to persist and intensify in the second half of 2019. While the operating environment remains challenging, we will adhere to the proven strategy of focusing our resources and efforts to manage our established brands for long term proﬁ tability, while actively pursuing selective new opportunities that are good ﬁ ts for our core competence. TMNT is celebrating its 35th anniversary in 2019! Nickelodeon’s Rise of the Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles TV show and our TMNT product line are rolling out across many international markets throughout 2019. Season 2 is scheduled to premiere in Fall 2019, supported by the continued ﬂ ow of digital content. We remain conﬁ dent in Nickelodeon’s long-term plans to maintain the TMNT brand as an evergreen entertainment franchise. Ben 10 Cartoon Network’s Ben 10 animated TV series continues to be popular in the US and in many international markets. Season 3 of the TV series will continue to air throughout 2019, and Season 4 is scheduled to debut in 2020. We are actively developing the 2019 and 2020 product line extensions. We have partnered with ZAG, a global independent entertainment studio, on the upcoming animated series, ZAG HEROEZ: Power Players. Utilizing ground-breaking CGI-hybrid animation, the action-comedy series follows the adventures of Axel, an adventurous boy who transforms into a living action ﬁ gure, and his unlikely team of toy heroes as they embark on the biggest “small” adventures a kid could imagine. Cartoon Network has secured the television rights to the series, which is scheduled to debut in Fall 2019. Our multi-segment toy line is in development and will launch in early 2020, giving kids worldwide the chance to immerse themselves in the on-screen action just like the heroes of the show. Initial shipments may occur in late 2019. In 2020, Legendary, Toho and Warner Bros. will bring together Godzilla and King Kong in an on-screen battle that has been anticipated by fans around the world for decades. We are developing a full toy line for the Godzilla vs. Kong blockbuster movie that will give kids worldwide the chance to immerse themselves in the play of epic monster battles. In collaboration with Toronto-based entertainment company Guru Studio, we will bring to market a complete line of ﬁ gures, playsets, vehicles, plush and role play toys inspired by the new Pikwik series, which is scheduled to air in 2020 on Disney Junior channel in the US and a number of key markets. The series follows team leader Suki the hedgehog, Trevor the racoon, Hazel the cat, and Tibor the hippo, as they work together to deliver surprise-ﬁ lled parcels to the colorful residents of Pikwik. The episodes are packed with big adventures, silly hijinks, and heartfelt charm that will entertain pre-schoolers while underscoring the social value of team work, responsibility, and critical thinking. 