For the six months ended 31 December 2018 (the “Reporting Period”), the Company and its subsidiaries (the “Group”) achieved better overall operation performance. During the Reporting Period, the Group achieved approximately HK$282.18 million in revenue, representing an increase of approximately 284% as compared with the corresponding period last year of approximately HK$73.46 million. Operating profit for the Reporting Period was approximately HK$122.61 million, representing an increase of approximately 133% as compared with the corresponding period last year of approximately HK$52.61 million as customers in the cultural and entertainment industries continued to respond enthusiastically to the array of comprehensive services and products offered by the Group. The following sets forth a summary of the performance of the Group for the six months ended 31 December 2018 with comparative figures for the corresponding period as follows: 31 December Operating profit margin (%) Net loss on change in fair value of Net (loss)/gain on financial assets at fair value through Mega Expo Holdings Limited Interim Report 2018/19 FINANCIAL OVERVIEW (Continued) The revenue has increased by approximately HK$208.72 million, or approximately 284%, from approximately HK$73.46 million for the six months ended 31 December 2017 to approximately HK$282.18 million for the Reporting Period. The improvement was primarily due to the combined effect of: (i) increased revenue in the contracting services and entertainment equipment solution segment accounted for approximately HK$93.62 million which was driven by strong growth in both sales volume and contracting services of entertainment equipment (2017: Nil); and (ii) increased revenue in the promotion and consulting services segment accounted for approximately HK$139.07 million (2017: Nil) as a result of acquisition of a group in Shanghai principally engaged in event promotion, entertainment consulting and club membership, namely Cheer Sino Investment Holdings Limited and its subsidiaries (collectively referred as “Cheer Sino Group”) on 8 March 2018. The Group’s cost of sales has increased by approximately HK$69.60 million, or approximately 271%, from approximately HK$25.67 million for the six months ended 31 December 2017 to approximately HK$95.27 million for the Reporting Period. The increase was mainly due to an increase from promotion cost, and entertainment equipment cost, which are in line with the growth of revenue during the Reporting Period. The Group’s gross profit has increased by approximately HK$139.12 million, or approximately 291%, from approximately HK$47.79 million for the six months ended 31 December 2017 to approximately HK$186.91 million for the Reporting Period. The Group’s gross profit margin has increased from approximately 65% for the six months ended 31 December 2017 to approximately 66% for the Reporting Period. The increase in the gross profit was in line with the strong growth of revenue during the Reporting Period. FINANCIAL OVERVIEW (Continued) The Group’s selling expenses have increased by approximately HK$1.77 million from approximately HK$3.75 million for the six months ended 31 December 2017 to approximately HK$5.52 million for the Reporting Period. Such increase was in line with the growth of revenue during the Reporting Period. The Group’s administrative expenses have increased by approximately HK$44.52 million from approximately HK$18.76 million for the six months ended 31 December 2017 to approximately HK$63.28 million for the Reporting Period. Such increase was primarily due to equity-settled share-based payment expenses of approximately HK$37.21 million, as well as the expansion of the Group’s administration departments, including the management, human resources and finance teams. As a result of the foregoing, the Group’s operating profit has increased by approximately HK$70.00 million, or approximately 133%, from approximately HK$52.61 million for the six months ended 31 December 2017 to approximately HK$122.61 million for the Reporting Period, the increase is consistent with the growth of revenue. The Group’s operating profit margin has decreased from approximately 72% for the six months ended 31 December 2017 to approximately 44% for the Reporting Period. The decrease was primarily as a result of no one-off gain on disposal of subsidiaries and reversal of impairment loss on other receivable incurred in the Reporting Period as compared to an one-off gain on disposal of subsidiaries of approximately HK$14.13 million and the reversal of impairment loss of approximately HK$11.5 million incurred in the previous reporting period. Mega Expo Holdings Limited Interim Report 2018/19 FINANCIAL OVERVIEW (Continued) The Group’s loss on change in fair value of contingent consideration payables has increased significantly to approximately HK$185.53 million for the Reporting Period (six months ended 31 December 2017: Nil), primarily due to the significant change in fair value of contingent consideration payables as a result of HK$168.00 million to be settled by convertible notes at conversion price of HK$1.83 in the major acquisition of Cheer Sino Group. Details of such acquisition were set out in the announcement of the Company dated 8 March 2018. The losses arising on fair value changes in contingent consideration payables were unrealised losses and have no impact on the cash flow of the Group. The Group’s loss attributable to owners of the Company has increased by approximately HK$172.06 million, or 382%, from the profit of approximately HK$45.10 million for the six months ended 31 December 2017 to the loss of approximately HK$126.96 million for the Reporting Period, which was primarily due to the significant increase in loss on change in fair value of contingent consideration payables for the six months ended 31 December 2018. The contingent consideration payables mainly comprise of the convertible notes of HK$168.00 million at conversion price of HK$1.83 issued as contingent consideration for the acquisition of Cheer Sino Group on 8 March 2018. The losses arising on fair value changes in contingent consideration payables were unrealised losses and have no impact on the cash flow of the Group. To supplement the result in this interim report which is presented in accordance with HKFRS, adjusted EBITDA, adjusted net profit and adjusted net assets value (“Adjusted NAV”) are used as additional financial measures. The Group also believes that these non-HKFRS measures provide useful information to investors and others to understand and evaluate the Group’s consolidated results for the purpose of comparing financial results across accounting periods and to those of our peer companies. FINANCIAL OVERVIEW (Continued) Non-HKFRS measures (Continued) The following table sets forth the Group’s non-HKFRS financial data for the periods presented: For the six months ended Loss/(gain) on financial assets at fair value Loss on change in fair value of contingent Adjusted EBITDA represents net income before interest, income taxes, depreciation and amortization, equity-settled share-based payment expenses, impact on financial assets at fair value through profit or loss and change in fair value of contingent consideration payables. The Group’s adjusted EBITDA has increased by approximately HK$132.04 million, or approximately 425% from approximately HK$31.02 million for six months ended 31 December 2017 to approximately HK$163.06 million for the Reporting Period. Mega Expo Holdings Limited Interim Report 2018/19 FINANCIAL OVERVIEW (Continued) Adjusted net profit represents net profit after tax excluded gain/loss on financial assets at fair value through profit or loss, equity-settled share-based payment expenses and loss on change in fair value of contingent consideration payables. The following table sets forth the Group’s non-HKFRS financial data for the period presented: For the six months ended Loss/(gain) on financial asset at fair value through Loss on change in fair value of contingent Adjusted NAV represents net asset value excluded the impact of net gain/loss on change in fair value of contingent consideration payables. The following table sets forth the Group’s non-HKFRS financial data for the periods presented: For the six months ended Loss on change in fair value of contingent The Group’s adjusted NAV has increased by approximately HK$73.13 million, or approximately 19% from approximately HK$389.87 million for six months ended 31 December 2017 to approximately HK$463.00 million for the Reporting Period. Facing the challenges ahead including increased competition, increased costs and limited exhibition market potential in Hong Kong, the overall exhibition performance is weakening during the Reporting Period. Looking ahead, the Group will continue from time to time to seek new exhibition business partners and investment opportunities to expand exhibition business in the People’s Republic of China (the “PRC”) that could enhance corporate development and strengthen the income base of the Group. Overall, the Group considers the prospects of the PRC exhibition market is promising. The Group has completed over 30 medium-sized event planning projects in the PRC during the Reporting Period. The major events like the product launch events, music awards ceremony, promotion event and art exhibition were successful and received the general recognition from the market. To further expand the Group’s income source and taking advantage of the favorable market environment in the PRC, the Group acquired 51% equity interest of an exhibition and exhibition related company in the PRC during the Reporting Period. On the other hand, the Group has delivered a major technology exhibition in Shanghai Hongqiao Trade Centre, namely Japanese Technology and Culture Exhibition from 5 November 2018 to 31 March 2019. In addition, the Group has also entered into a non-legally binding strategic cooperation framework agreement with (transliterated as “Hunan Province Good Agri-products Development & Service Association” or “Hunan Agri- products Association”), which believes that will provide the Group with the opportunity to leverage on our extensive experience in China agri-products exhibition business. Looking forward, the Group will continue to diversify our income stream and enhance our earning profile through exploring investment opportunities in the PRC, which help capitalising on any growth opportunities and thereon enhancing our shareholder’s value. At a macro level, concerns around the trade war between the PRC and The United States of America (the “USA”) and the weakening stock market are expected to impact on Hong Kong and the PRC economy over the foreseeable future. However, the Group’s recent efforts to strengthen our marketing efforts, expand the customer profile target, and comprehensive entertainment solution services used in our key services, has put it in a strong position in relation to macro-economic trends. The PRC is gradually catching up with rich economies and moving towards becoming a high-income economy, as well as the recent PRC Government favorable policy on cultural and entertainment industries, which potentially offer numerous advantages in the present stage of Chinese economic transformation. Mega Expo Holdings Limited Interim Report 2018/19 BUSINESS PROSPECTS OF THE GROUP (Continued) In March 2018, the Group has completed the acquisition of Cheer Sino Group in the PRC which is principally engaged in bar and club membership, wine and liquor promoting and event organising businesses by providing professional, precise and comprehensive services to the entertainment industry in the PRC, and owns a well-established client network across the PRC of over 1,000 members of clubs, bars and lounges by operating a well-known entertainment brand (transliterated as “NOD Union Platform” or “NOD Union”). With the synergistic advantages of NOD Union Platform, the Group is able to extend business operations to provide a comprehensive cultural and entertainment solution services platform (“Comprehensive Services Platform”) to cultural and entertainment players, as well as the existing members of NOD Union Platform. The diagram below sets forth our Comprehensive Services Platform structure: Provide fnancing services for music performing equipment such as lighting, audio, stage machinery and etc. equipment solution, ad hoc advisory and etc. BUSINESS PROSPECTS OF THE GROUP (Continued) The Group has structured our Comprehensive Services Platform into few components, namely, brand management services, promotion services, systematic solution and advisory services, customised equipment supply and contracting services, financing and solution services to our customers in cultural and entertainment industries. The Group believes that such Comprehensive Services Platform has afforded us synergic, effective and greater satisfaction from our customers. The Group will continue to review business operation from time to time and adjust accordingly to meet the Group’s current and future business strategy. Looking ahead, with the synergistic advantages of NOD Union Platform, the Group is aiming to further expand the customer groups from traditional customers (bars, clubs and lounges) to new customer groups (self-serviced KTV, disc jockey (“DJ”) music stores and music restaurants etc). The Group collectively define both traditional and new customer groups as the “Music Theme Stores”, the stores that provide multi-scene music services to end customers. Increasingly, consumers are relying on online social media for getting information about new products and services, and so it is vital to expand our presence and ensure the Group to find ways into the eyes and minds of the internet generation. The Group also intends to develop an online entertainment services system in Comprehensive Services Platform to meet the online products and services needs of customers. Furthermore, with the advantages of large volume of store members data in NOD Union Platform, the Group intends to cooperate with more strategic suppliers to further expand the promotion services, included but not limited to wine and liquor promoting, mobile charging devices promoting, as well as other cross-industry promotion services in the future. Aiming at enhancing the quality and expanding the scope of Comprehensive Services Platform, as well as the increasing demand in stores style design, construction, music and performance from the customers, the Group devotes to build a complete industry supply chain and intends to provide music and performance solution services, DJ agency services, entertainment supply chain services, stores style design and construction solutions to our existing Music Theme Stores customers. To further enhance the quality of services, the Group is planning to import artificial intelligence (“AI”), virtual reality technology (“VR”) and 3D technology into Comprehensive Services Platform to Music Theme Stores customers in the near future. Mega Expo Holdings Limited Interim Report 2018/19 FUTURE PLANS AND PROSPECTS (Continued) The diagram below sets forth our current and future services plan structure: Build a comprehensive services platform for cultural and In view of the satisfactory result from our recent business segments and future business expansion strategy in the PRC, the Group is planning to enhance our corporate profile and rebrand our corporate image and marketing position in order to align with our PRC business expansion and on-going business strategy in future. Apart from the above, the Group is also committed to make a positive social impact as a responsible member of society. During the Reporting Period, the Group took an active role in social welfare and advocate of charity activities, included but not limited to the charity activities of Po Leung Kuk Hong Kong. The Group also offers competitive remuneration and benefits packages to our staff that are aligned with the local market. The Group invests in on-going training and development of our staff in order to help them realise their full potential. Through both in house and public training courses, the Group enables our staff to hone their technical competencies, language skills, people management abilities, as well as stay up-to-date with compliance knowledge. Facing the challenges, which included the increased competition, increased costs and limited market potential in Hong Kong, the Group was prudent in managing exhibition business operations and evaluating business developing opportunities in Hong Kong. The Group considers to scale down the operations in Hong Kong, while exploring business opportunities outside Hong Kong at the same time in diversifying the revenue sources and strengthening the competitive advantages so that the Group can minimise possible exposure to the uncertainties in Hong Kong market. In the PRC, we delivered services in more than 30 exhibition events to our customers. During the Reporting Period, the overall exhibition business performance was weakening and revenue had decreased by approximately HK$36.90 million, or 66% from approximately HK$55.74 million for the six months ended 31 December 2017 to approximately HK$18.84 million for the Reporting Period, mainly due to the scaling down of exhibition operations in Hong Kong and off-peak period of exhibition events in the PRC. Looking ahead, the Group will continue to seek new business partners and investment opportunities in the PRC, as well as further development of new acquired exhibition services company in the PRC. In response to the phenomenon in entertainment industries where the overwhelming contracting suppliers were unable to deliver customised contracting services to meet the customers’ demand, the Group commenced our own one-stop contracting and entertainment equipment solution services to our customers. The Group believes that such unique value-added services have great potential to drive our business growth and bring synergy of other business segment. Mega Expo Holdings Limited Interim Report 2018/19 BUSINESS SEGMENT REVIEW (Continued) Operation of contracting services and entertainment equipment solution (Continued) Capitalising on the client network from NOD Union Platform, the Group also successfully provided equipment advisory on the spectacle of light art, specialised sound and music, interactive light and sound art installation projects for the players in the cultural and entertainment industries and satisfactory performance was recorded. Perfect stage effect is crucial and customised entertainment equipment solution plays a vital role to meet customers’ demand. Accordingly, the Group has delivered numerous customised contracting and supply of equipment services for more than 50 customers (high- end restaurants, lounges, clubs, and pubs). During the Reporting Period, the revenue is accounted for approximately HK$93.62 million (six months ended 31 December 2017: Nil) or 33% (six months ended 31 December 2017: 0%) of the Group’s total revenue. Profit in this segment was approximately HK$28.22 million (six months ended 31 December 2017: loss of approximately HK$0.18 million). Operation of brand management and brand management related The Group has propelled a remarkable progress in providing bar brand management services under the name of “PHEBE”, “MT”, “U.CLUB” and “DrOscar” in various cities in the PRC, including Shanghai, Suzhou, Yixing, Hefei, Nantong, Beihai, Harbin, Chongqing and Changsha etc. The Group secured a list of licensees operating under our acquired brands, which allows the Group to gain sharing of income from licensing, brand management and provision of management services. During the Reporting period, the revenue in brand management and brand management related downstream businesses segment has increased by approximately HK$9.35 million, or 54% from approximately HK$17.37 million for the six months ended 31 December 2017 to approximately HK$26.72 million for the Reporting Period, as a result of our number of licensees has increased significantly to 52 stores from 24 stores for the six months ended 31 December 2017. BUSINESS SEGMENT REVIEW (Continued) Operation of brand management and brand management related downstream businesses (Continued) The diagram below sets forth the increase in the number of licensees under our bar brand. For the six months ended Total: During the Reporting Period, the Group has achieved remarkable results from promotion and consulting services segment and our expansion in the PRC recorded promising growth. During the Reporting Period, revenue in promotion and consulting services segment accounted for approximately HK$139.07 million (six months ended 31 December 2017: Nil) or 49% (six months ended 31 December 2017: 0%) of the Group’s total revenue. Profit in this segment was approximately HK$114.12 million (six months ended 31 December 2017: Nil). Mega Expo Holdings Limited Interim Report 2018/19 BUSINESS SEGMENT REVIEW (Continued) Operation of promotion and consulting services (Continued) During the Reporting Period, the Group has completed the planning and execution of more than 100 notable alcoholic promotion events in the PRC for the two top multinational alcoholic beverages suppliers. In addition, the Group successfully delivered promotion service for a leading mobile charging equipment producer in the PRC. The revenue of event promotion was approximately HK$46.48 million (six months ended 31 December 2017: Nil). In view of numerous notable promotion events operated by the Group and persistent high- quality services delivered by the Group, many bars, clubs, pubs, restaurants and lounges basic members were successfully attracted to convert to high tier diamond members. During the Reporting Period, the Group’s total high tier diamond members has increased to over 90 members (2017: Nil). Apart from the above, with the synergic advantages of NOD Union Platform, the Group has achieved remarkable result in the service of systematic business solution, entertainment advisory, event planning and other ad hoc consultancy for more than 100 clubs, lounges, bars, restaurants and pubs during the Reporting Period, the revenue was approximately HK$68.01 million (2017: Nil). Apart from the core money lending business, to further expand our financing services to our customers and enhance the Group’s income source, between July and August 2018, the Group has acquired a finance leasing company and a credit factoring company respectively that conduct finance leasing and credit factoring business in the PRC. These acquisitions were the strategic step of the Group to introduce a new financing services to our existing customers, especially those customers in investment and renovation of new entertainment stores. The Group believes the financial leasing business and credit factoring business, are in collaboration with contracting and other entertainment advisory and solution services we deliver, has built a Comprehensive Services Platform to our customers from bars, restaurants, pubs and clubs. During the Reporting Period, the Group successfully delivered financial leasing services for more than 50 customers in cultural and entertainment industries. In overall, the revenue in financing business segment was approximately HK$3.94 million (six months ended 31 December 2017: approximately HK$0.34 million). The board (the “Board”) of the directors (the “Directors”) of the Company do not recommend the payment of an interim dividend for the six months ended 31 December 2018 (2017: Nil). As at 31 December 2018, the total equity of the Group was approximately HK$277.47 million (30 June 2018: approximately HK$389.87 million). The decrease was mainly attributable to the loss for the six months ended 31 December 2018 of approximately HK$126.96 million as a result of significant increase in loss on change in fair value of contingent consideration payables during the Reporting Period. Save as disclosed below, there were no other equity fund raising activities of the Company during the six months ended 31 December 2018: Date of Approximate Intended use 11 June 2018, 6 August 2018 (i) Development of existing exhibition and related business, brand management, financing business, entertainment promotion and consultancy business; (ii) Investment activities when such suitable investment (iii) General working capital of the Mega Expo Holdings Limited Interim Report 2018/19 Date of Approximate Intended use 16 October 2018, 5 November 2018, 8 November 2018 (i) Development of existing equipment contracting services, entertainment equipment solution services, finance lease and commercial factoring (ii) Investment activities when such suitable investment opportunities arise, with any remaining balance to be used as general working capital of the As to approximately HK$200.0 million was used to develop equipment contracting services, entertainment equipment solution services, finance lease and commercial factoring business and as to approximately HK$94.0 million A net loss of approximately HK$16.68 million was recognised for the Group’s financial assets at fair value through profit or loss for the six months ended 31 December 2018 (six months ended 31 December 2017: net gain of approximately HK$0.15 million). Such net loss comprised (i) a loss on fair value change of profit guarantee of approximately HK$16.68 million (six months ended 31 December 2017: approximately HK$0.55 million) and (ii) a net realised and unrealised gain on financial assets at fair value through profit or loss of Nil (2017: approximately HK$0.70 million). Details can be referred to Note 7 to the condensed consolidated financial statements. On 5 July 2018, an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company completed the acquisition of 100% equity interest in CIS Industrial Co., Limited and its subsidiary (collectively referred as “CIS Industrial Group”) at a consideration of HK$0.33 million, which was satisfied by cash. CIS Industrial Group is conducting finance leasing business in the PRC. 2018 (Continued) SIGNIFICANT INVESTMENTS (Continued) On 5 November 2018, a direct wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company completed the acquisition of 100% equity interest in Hananhal Investment Holding Co., Ltd and its subsidiary (collectively referred as “Hananhal Group”) at a consideration of HK$0.10 million, which was satisfied by cash. Hananhal Group is conducting credit factoring business in the PRC. On 30 November 2018, an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company entered into a sale and purchase agreement to acquire 51% equity interest in (transliterated as “Shanghai Jiamao Expo Co., Ltd” or “Shanghai Jiamao”), at a cash consideration of approximately RMB45.65 million, equivalent to approximately HK$51.98 million with vendors, the individual and independent third parties not connected with the Company and its connected person as at the date of entering into the sale and purchase agreement. Pursuant to the terms of sale and purchase agreement in relation to the acquisition of Shanghai Jiamao, the vendors agreed to sell 51% equity interest of Shanghai Jiamao at a cash consideration of approximately RMB45.65 million equivalent to approximately HK$51.98 million, of which RMB34.24 million equivalent to approximately HK$38.98 million shall be settled upon the fulfilment of all condition precedents in the sales and purchase agreement, and the remaining of RMB11.41 million, equivalent to approximately HK$13.00 million will be settled upon fulfillment of profit guarantee. The vendors undertake that the net profit of Shanghai Jiamao in the audited financial statements for each of the financial year ended 31 December 2019, 31 December 2020 and 31 December 2021 shall not be less than RMB9.29 million, RMB11.91 million and RMB13.16 million respectively. If there is a shortfall on the profit of Shanghai Jiamao in each of the above period, there will be cash compensation or deduction of consideration of the shortfall from the vendors to the Group. The fair value of the above profit guarantee was based on a valuation conducted by an independent firm of professional valuer after assessing the possibility of meeting the guarantee profit and certain assumptions of market conditions. Shall the chance become higher on meeting the above profit guarantee, the possibility of requiring the vendors to compensate and thus the fair value of profit guarantee becomes lower. During the Reporting Period, the Group recognised a loss on fair value change of profit guarantee of approximately HK$16.68 million (six months ended 31 December 2017: loss on fair value change of approximately HK$0.55 million). Mega Expo Holdings Limited Interim Report 2018/19 SIGNIFICANT INVESTMENTS (Continued) (Unaudited) (Audited) Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss in terms of market value as at 31 December 2018 An exhaustive list of stocks in term of market value as at 31 December 2018 Name of unlisted Brief description of Number of units held as at 31 December Investment cost as at 31 December Market value as at 31 December Percentage to total assets value of the Group as at 31 December Class A Shares and Class B Shares participating in Lan Kwai Fong Fund SP registered with the United States Internal Revenue Service. It uses rational leverage through structured instruments and invests in fixed-income Save as disclosed above, there were no other material acquisitions or disposals of subsidiaries or associates of the Company. As at 31 December 2018, the Group’s total current assets and current liabilities were approximately HK$756.69 million (30 June 2018: approximately HK$302.91 million) and approximately HK$241.03 million (30 June 2018: approximately HK$114.15 million) respectively, while the current ratio was about 3.1 times (30 June 2018: 2.7 times). As at 31 December 2018, the Group’s total assets and total liabilities were approximately HK$1,130.64 million (30 June 2018: approximately HK$643.05 million) and approximately HK$853.18 million (30 June 2018: approximately HK$253.18 million) respectively. The debt ratio, which is calculated based on total liabilities over total assets, was approximately 0.75 times as at 31 December 2018, as compared to that of approximately 0.39 times as at 30 June 2018. The increase was mainly due to effect of placing of bonds of approximately HK$294 million (Details can be referred to the Section head “Fund raising activities for the six months ended 31 December 2018) and significant change in fair value of contingent consideration payables as a result of HK$168 million to be settled by convertible notes in the major acquisition of Cheer Sino Group. (Details were set out in the announcement of the Company dated 8 March 2018). As at 31 December 2018, the Group maintained cash and cash equivalents of approximately HK$289.87 million (30 June 2018: approximately HK$171.18 million. The increase in cash and cash equivalents was primarily due to effect of placing of bonds of approximately HK$294 million. Details can be referred to the section headed “Fund raising activities for the six months ended 31 December 2018”. The cash and cash equivalents of the Group as at 31 December 2018 was mainly denominated in Hong Kong dollars (“HK$”) and Renminbi (“RMB”). As at 31 December 2018 and 30 June 2018, the Group did not pledge any of its assets and had no material capital commitment and contingent liabilities. The Group did not have any charges on its assets as at 31 December 2018 and 30 June 2018. The Group manages or organises its business held in Hong Kong and the PRC and is exposed to foreign exchange risk arising from various currency exposures, primarily with respect to United States dollars (“US$”) and RMB. The Group has no significant direct exposure to foreign currencies as most of the commercial transactions, assets and liabilities are denominated in a currency same as the functional currency of each entity of the Group and had not employed any financial instruments for hedging purpose. Mega Expo Holdings Limited Interim Report 2018/19 As at 31 December 2018, the Group had a total of 126 full-time employees in Hong Kong and the PRC (30 June 2018: 75 full-time employees). The remuneration payable to its employees included salaries, discretionary bonus and commission. Remuneration packages were generally structured according to market situations and individual performance. Apart from the mandatory provident fund and statutory retirement benefits, the Group also provided medical benefits and trainings to its employees. The Company has also adopted a share option scheme (the “Share Option Scheme”) as incentive to eligible employees. Furthermore, the remuneration committee of the Company will review and give recommendations to the Board as to the compensation package of the Directors and senior management of the Group with reference to salaries paid by comparable companies, time commitment and responsibilities of the Directors and senior management of the Group. The Group will actively explore investment opportunities in the PRC to enhance its income source, which may or may not include any assets and/or business acquisitions or disposals by the Group. Any such plans will be subject to review and approval by the Board and in compliance with the applicable requirements under the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities (the “Listing Rules”) on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the “Stock Exchange”) where appropriate. The Group may also implement debt and/or equity fund raising plan(s) to satisfy the financing needs arising out of any business development of the Group as well as to improve its financial position in the event that suitable investment opportunities arise. On 18 January 2019, an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company has entered into a non-legally binding strategic cooperation framework agreement with Hunan Province Good Agri-products Development & Service Association, pursuant to which both parties shall jointly organise and develop an agricultural related products exhibition in Hunan Province, the PRC. Details can be referred to the announcement of the Company dated 18 January 