2012 was a challenging year for the domestic apparel industry. On one hand, China’s economic growth began to slow down since last year after its strong growth for nearly a decade. The GDP growth of China was 7.8% for last year and further decreased to 7.7% in the first quarter of 2013. China’s economy is facing shrinking exports, decreasing foreign investment, sluggish domestic demand and weak economic growth. The slowing macroeconomic growth had a negative impact on the consumer retail market. Total retail sales of consumer goods in China amounted to a total of RMB20,716.7 billion in 2012, representing a year-on-year nominal increase of 14.3% (real increase of 12.1% net of price factor), signifying a decrease of 2.8 percentage points as compared to the corresponding period of last year, which reflected a decrease in consumers’ desire to purchase. On the other hand, the consumption patterns in China are shifting slowly. Emergence of online shopping, the gradual entry of foreign fast fashion brands into the domestic market and the increasing pursuit by Chinese consumers of personalized products have caused various levels of challenges and impacts on the apparel industry in China. China’s economy is currently undergoing structural adjustment from export and investment-oriented growth to an economic structure with a larger proportion of domestic private consumption. China adheres to the keynote of “seeking progress while ensuring stability”, continues to implement stable fiscal and monetary policies and emphasizes on placing stable and healthy growth in a more important position, which facilitate industries to enter the stage of growth with structure improvement and quality enhancement through market behaviour and to secure more healthy and sustainable development. It puts enterprises with strength and vision in a better position to capture new potential market opportunities arising in the process of industry adjustment through their own competitiveness. Furthermore, the new session of government proposes to drive the transition and sustainable development of China’s economy with “urbanization”, which will contribute to the increase in people’s overall income level, thereby creating new opportunities for the growth of the domestic demand. In the sophisticated and fast changing domestic and overseas environment, the Group has formulated the “3+1” development strategy for the 2012/13 financial year to keep down apparel as its core business, develop multi-brand, non-seasonal products and expand to the international markets. During the year under review, the Group has pushed forward with its development strategy in an orderly manner and has made progress, paving the way for becoming a world- renowned integrated apparel brand operator. Leveraging on its extensive resources and experience in the down apparel industry, the Group achieved a satisfactory performance in the 2012/13 financial year which was full of challenges. During the period under review, the sales of the down apparel business amounted to RMB7.09 billion, representing an increase of 15.9% as compared to last year. The average unit price of down apparel increased by approximately 5.6% and the sales volume increased by 9.6%. During the year, the overall growth of sales volume of down apparel was better than the low digit growth in previous years. According to CIIIC, sales of the Bosideng branded down apparel ranked first in the down apparel market in China for the eighteenth consecutive year. The aggregate market share of the Group’s four down apparel brands, namely Bosideng, Snow flying, Combo (formerly known as Kangbo) and Bengen, was 40.1% in 2012, representing an increase of 5.6 percentage points as compared to 2011. The Group continued to maintain its dominant position in the industry. With down apparel as its core business, the Group is committed to the development of its down apparel business and to maintaining its leading market position. Steady growth of the down apparel business during the year under review was mainly attributable to the following factors: Separate Brand Operation: The Group started to separate the operation for its down apparel brands, including Bosideng, Snow Flying and Combo, in the 2012/13 financial year. The design, product research and development, marketing and distribution of each brand were managed separately, while logistics and supply chain were under the central management of the Group to achieve optimal efficiency. After implementing separate operation for our brands, each brand’s positioning, product styles were improved in order to enhance brand differentiation and fulfill the needs of each target customer base. Each brand re- defined its style and launched promotions in various channels and media that are popular among the target customers. Promotional directions that the four brands followed were: Bosideng: The target group of Bosideng has shifted from the traditional and cautious customers to the modern quality-sensitive customers who pursue fashion and quality. Bosideng launched a new advertisement this year, “Defining new quality standards and selecting your down apparel by snapping, smelling and shaking (3S). Snapping: choose only down apparel which contains 90% down and provides you with utmost softness and warmth. Smelling: opt for down apparel which is made of ecologically friendly down to enjoy the smell of nature. Shaking: select down apparel which is made with sophisticated craftsmanship that tightly locks the down together.” Snow Flying: The target group of Snow Flying is energetic customers who pursue dynamic, cool and fashionable styles. The concept of the brand is “Sparkle your life” ( HIGH ). William Feng, a renowned actor, was appointed as the new endorser of the brand. The first micro film of the brand, “Snow Flying” ( ), starring William Feng, was produced to promote its down apparel. This micro film was broadcast through various major internet media. Designers of renowned domestic and international apparel brands were engaged for product design and research and development, so as to create diversified products with distinctive features. Combo: The brand primarily sells apparel with basic and classic styles and targets customers pursuing a simple style. Emil Chau was appointed as the endorser of the brand. Bengen: The brand is characterized by its young and lively style and its slogan is “My Fashion, My Style” ( ). Mini Yang, a famous actress, was appointed as the endorser of the brand. “Mini Yang Collection”, a down apparel collection inspired by Mini, was launched and became popular among young consumers. Reallocation of Sales Channels: With the implementation of separate brand operation of the Group’s down apparel brands, the Group also refined and separated its sales channels for the down apparel business accordingly. Multi-brand counters in department stores were transformed into mono- brand counters. The street stores operated by distributors were readjusted based on their locations and the positioning of the brands. As at March 31, 2013, the Group had 13,009 retail outlets in total, representing a net increase of 4,665 outlets. The significant increase in the number of outlets was mainly attributable to the division of sales channels which transformed the multi-brand stores into single brand stores, and the expansion of various brands into more department stores in accordance with their own positioning. The total sales area increased by 18.9% to 1,037,000 square metres (872,000 square metres as at March 31, 2012). Continuously Strengthening Design and R&D of our Products: The Group has led the trends in the down apparel market for many years and launched new and marketable products incorporating the characteristics of down apparel products. During the period under review, the Group has implemented design differentiation for brands with different positioning and brought the styles and fabrics more in line with consumer preference and demand. The Autumn Down collection has been well received by the market since its launch in 2011. During the period under review, the Group introduced new products under the Autumn Down collection with improved design and diversified colours and styles. The Group has also set out more distinct and specific requirements on product allocation in stores, including styles, colours and sizes, to prevent products from running out of stock and to ensure sales volume. During the period under review, sales volume of the Autumn Down collection increased more than three times to approximately 580,000 units as compared to the corresponding period of last year. Development of four-seasonal products: The Group’s four- seasonal apparel business has been developed in an orderly manner. The major styles of four- seasonal products are basic apparels and accessories which match down apparel. During the period under review, the Group has launched 932 items of four- seasonal products, which are displayed in about 50 selected regional flagship stores to test out the marketability of the products and the level of acceptance of customers to four-seasonal apparels being sold through the down apparel sales channel so that the four- seasonal apparel business can be developed in an orderly manner. Positive market response was seen from the performance of four-seasonal products with sales of RMB59.2 million during the period under review. The Group plans to conduct a three-year market research on the apparel market and on consumer needs for the determination of positioning and style of its products and the expansion of business scope from down apparel alone to various product lines with more variety and characteristics. The success of the non-seasonal apparel business development strategy will provide all seasons products for sale and improve the profitability of its stores, distributors and sales companies. Continuous Realization of Supply Chain Advantage: During the period under review, the Group continued to optimize its advantages in resources accumulated over the years from its supply chains and tap into its economies of scale and well-established relationship with suppliers to effectively control costs of raw materials and stabilize their purchase prices at a level better than the market rate. This, coupled with slower growth of labour costs, has led to a slight increase in the gross profit margin of the Group’s down apparel business. Timely Adjustment to Progress of Order Management System: The Group has always emphasized on its healthy growth together with its distributors, and has therefore always had policies in place to provide support to its distributors, for example, the Group allows some of its distributors to return a certain proportion of goods by the end of each financial year with the average return rate ranging from approximately 20% to 25%. During the year under review, to encourage distributors to actively participate in the brand separation strategy and grow with the brands, the Group has adopted such product return arrangement for all brands except for the Bosideng brand. As for the Bosideng brand, the same product return arrangement also applies to some of the distributors except for certain distributors with great strength that continue to adopt the order without return mechanism introduced by the Group in the 2009/10 financial year to improve the marketability of down apparel. Such no return mechanism was further enhanced and pushed forward extensively in the 2010/11 financial year. As a result, the Group currently has two order systems running in parallel for the Bosideng brand. The Group flexibly adjusts its policies to support distributors for the purpose of encouraging distributors to support the Group’s development strategy. Promotion of Upgrade of Retail Terminal: The transformation of retail terminals is an inevitable trend for the down apparel industry. Due to intensifying market competition, the entry and rapid penetration of foreign affordable fashion brands, retail brands in China had to accelerate research on the scientific management to improve efficiency of their retail terminals. The Group, as an industry leader, has also taken the lead in carrying out the upgrade of its terminals, and has set up various standards in terms of decoration, props, display and services for active promotion. Propelling of Service Upgrade: Service quality plays a key role in the retail consumer industry. The Group attaches great importance to the communication with consumers and is dedicated to creating a caring and personalized shopping experience for consumers. As such, the Group has actively transformed the previous service mode based on sale of products into the service concept based on “purchase of products for consumers” through staff training. In addition, the Group carried out customers analysis based on purchase records, and commissioned TNS Research International China ( ), a third-party professional agency, to conduct dynamic research on and analysis of consumers’ consumption patterns to understand their evolving demand. The Group has implemented the VIP membership system on a pilot basis in around 50 benchmarking shops to foster and strengthen customer loyalty. The Group will continue to improve the membership system during the course of its business and promote it to each outlet. The non-down apparel business of the Group covers menswear, ladies’ wear and casual wear, and the major brands include Bosideng MAN, JESSIE and Mogao. During the period under review, the non-down apparel business contributed RMB1.28 billion to the Group’s revenue, representing a slight decrease of 5.3% as compared to the corresponding period of the last financial year, and accounted for 13.7% of the total revenue of the Group, representing a slight decrease of 2.4 percentage points as compared to 16.1% of the corresponding period of last year. Each of the Group’s non-down apparel brands was affected by the industry depression to a different degree. A number of stores under the non-down apparel business with unsatisfactory performance were closed down during the period under review. As at March 31, 2013, there were 1,426 stores and outlets under the non-down apparel business, representing a net decrease of 246 stores and outlets as compared to March 31, 2012. During the period under review, Bosideng MAN recorded a sales revenue of approximately RMB480 million, representing a decrease of 30.0% as compared to the corresponding period of last year. During the year under review, the Group continued to close down stores with unsatisfactory performance or unfavourable locations. The Company also opened new stores at attractive locations. As at March 31, 2013, the total number of retail outlets of Bosideng MAN was 755, representing a decrease of 146 outlets as compared to March 31, 2012. Bosideng MAN was prudent in selecting distributors, and has entered into flexible order arrangements and co-operated closely with distributors to reduce their inventory level, which would ensure that both the Group and its distributors will achieve healthy and sustainable development. In order to support its orderly expansion in domestic and international markets, Bosideng MAN developed a comprehensive framework for its strategic development to highlight its brand position of “Smart Taste” and make its brand image more identifiable and its overall style more “International”. Currently, Bosideng MAN has three key product lines, namely “Smart Business Wear”, “Fashionable Office Wear” and “Fashionable Casual Wear”. The overall product design highlights the low-profile but surprising structural processing of details and popular elements. Bright light-colored collections with classic tailoring highlight the sharp fashion sense and the adventurous spirits. Fittings with smooth contours and quality fabrics demonstrate the unique sense of elegance of the Bosideng MAN brand. At the same time, there is a high level of compatibility among different collections of products covering various occasions of the life of a modern and intellectual gentleman. Through the design style of “Fashionable and Mature, Wise and Humorous”, men’s gentle temperament of being sentimental and elegant as well as their tough and masculine manliness is reflected. JESSIE is a major ladies’ wear brand of the non- down apparel segment of the Group. The Group entered into an equity transfer agreement (the “Ladies’ wear SPA”) with Talent Shine International Limited on October 28, 2011, pursuant to which, the Group acquired 70% equity interest in and the respective control of each of Talent Shine Limited and Sunny Bright Global Investments Limited (collectively referred to as the “Ladies’ wear Companies”) on November 4, 2011 (the “Acquisition Date of Ladies’ wear”) at an initial consideration of RMB892.5 million (subject to adjustments provided for in the agreement). The Ladies’ wear Companies are principally engaged in the research, design and development, raw materials procurement, outsourced manufacturing, marketing and distribution of the JESSIE-branded ladies’ wear apparels in the PRC market. Under the Ladies’ wear SPA, Talent Shine International Limited has guaranteed the net profits (after tax) of the Ladies’ wear Companies and their subsidiaries of not less than RMB85.0 million, RMB108.8 million, RMB136.0 million and RMB165.9 million for each of the four financial years ended/ending March 31, 2012, 2013, 2014 and 2015, respectively. During the period under review, JESSIE recorded sales revenue and net profit of approximately RMB330 million and RMB70.6 million, respectively. The net profit attributable to JESSIE for the financial year ended March 31, 2013 was below the profit guarantee under the Ladies’ wear SPA. As security for the profit guarantee, Talent Shine International Limited has made available to Talent Shine Limited an interest-free shareholder’s loan in the amount of RMB150 million, which was recorded as contingent consideration payable in the consolidated balance sheet and will only be released to Talent Shine International Limited upon fulfillment of the profit guarantee. As the profit guarantee was neither fulfilled in the financial year ended March 31, 2013, nor expected to be fulfilled in the next two financial years, all the shareholder’s loan will most likely be assigned to the Group to make up the shortfall, which has resulted in a sharp decrease in the fair value of contingent consideration payable. To further optimize the sales network, the Group closed down certain distribution outlets and increased the net number of self-operated outlets, which resulted in the effective control over its sales channels. As at March 31, 2013, JESSIE had 254 sales outlets, including 123 self-operated outlets and 131 distribution outlets. The proportion of self- operated outlets increased to 48%. At the same time, efforts will be made to strengthen product design and research and development in order to provide consumers with richer and more fashionable styles. JESSIE will continue to search for outlets in line with its brand image and positioning, and further optimize the mix and distribution of its brand outlets to lay the groundwork for network construction in the long run. During the period under review, Mogao recorded a sales revenue of approximately RMB430 million, representing an increase of 11.8% as compared to the corresponding period of last year. During the year under review, the Group reviewed the business, evaluated the business model of Mogao and adjusted its retail channels. Certain stores with unsatisfying performance were closed down in order to optimize the retail network portfolio and distribution. As at March 31, 2013, Mogao had 395 sales outlets, including 186 self-operated outlets and 209 distribution outlets, representing a net decrease of 37 sales outlets over last year. Grand Opening of London Flagship Store Internationalization is the key to success of the realization of the Group’s goal of becoming an internationally renowned integrated apparel brand operator. As part of its internationalization strategy, the Group will develop its international business by adopting the model of “Chinese brand, domestic design, global outsourcing and localized sales”. The Group believes that direct sales is the only way to secure the initiative in pricing and marketing and to collect direct feedback from overseas target customers. The establishment of overseas self-operated stores is also an effective way to promote the image and enhance the recognition of the Bosideng brand. The first flagship store of the Group in Europe commenced its trial operation on July 26, 2012 in London and officially opened on October 12, 2012. The store mainly offers the premium line of Bosideng’s menswear, the “Bosideng • London” collection. Apart from the Group’s best-selling down apparel, all the other menswear products in the collection are manufactured in Europe, and designed in collaboration by Nick Holland and Ash Gangotra, famous designers in the United Kingdom. Furthermore, our flagship store in the United Kingdom also recorded encouraging sales of the “Bosideng • London” collection throughout the United Kingdom after commencing sales online in December 2012, and we plan to further expand the same to cover the whole European market. The opening of the Bosideng store in London and the overseas development model of the Group have gained attention of media around the world as well as the support from the governments of China and the United Kingdom. The Group received the “Chinese Investor of the Year” award from the British Business Awards organized by the British Chamber of Commerce in China. It was the first time that the award was presented to a textile and apparel enterprise in China. In addition, the British design team was on the shortlist for “WGSN Global Fashion Awards 2012” in the design team for menswear in 2012 hosted by WGSN, a company famous for forecasting and analysing the world’s top fashion trend. Design is the soul of apparel, and such nomination for a Chinese brand proves that its artistry has been recognized by the fashion industry. “Bosideng • London” has enhanced the image of Chinese products in the minds of European consumers and established a good reputation. Recommendations on the products in the flagship store in the United Kingdom by fashion editors can be found in local fashion magazines, and some consumers were even attracted to purchase our products because of their fame. The Group will continue to focus on the operation of its flagship store in London, and further expand into the international market, thus laying a sound foundation for the next round of internationalization strategy of the Group. The Group has converted the challenges brought by e-commerce to the traditional apparel industry into opportunities. Fully optimizing its resources advantage and capitalizing on the benefits of online sales such as controllable cost, high liquidity and low inventory level, the Group strengthened the development of e-commerce platform to nurture e-commerce as one of its important sales channels. During the year under review, the revenue from the e-commerce business amounted to approximately RMB350 million, representing an increase of 76.7% over last year. The Group adopted three internet sales channels: official flagship store at TMALL ( ), authorized store at Taobao and third party e-commerce trading platforms, including TMALL ( ), 360buy ( ), Amazon, Dangdang ( ), Paipai ( ), VIP Shop ( ) and Yougou ( ). In addition, the e-commerce channels of the Group have expanded to the non- down apparel business for the sale of Bosideng MAN’s products. Online stores can effectively extend the sales network to remote areas and complement the incomplete product portfolio of certain regions. To cater for the needs arising from the Group’s rapid development and modernized management, the Group strengthened the construction of logistics infrastructure during the reporting period. The logistics centre set up in Changshu with a gross floor area of more than 70,000 square metres has been put into operation during the year under review to address the Group’s logistics needs in terms of purchases, production and sales. In addition, to provide a strong guarantee for our smooth sale, the Group has deployed third-party logistics services in each sales region for package, delivery and distribution with an aim to improve the order processing capacity. As at March 31, 2013 As at March 31, 2012 — operated according to — operated by third party Concessionary retail outlets* — operated according to — operated by third party The Group’s concessionary retail outlets are mainly counters in department stores, which are normally operated only during the peak season for down apparel to cope with the seasonality of its core products. As at March 31, 2013 As at March 31, 2012 Eastern China area: Central China area: Northern China area: Northeast China area: Liaoning, Jilin, Heilongjiang, Inner Mongolia, Revenue from the branded down apparel business remained the largest contributor, which accounted for 76.1% of the Group’s revenue, with the remaining 13.7% and 10.2% coming from the non-down apparel business and the OEM management business, in comparison with 73.1%, 16.1% and 10.8%, respectively in the previous year. The Group’s revenue for the year ended March 31, 2013 increased by 11.3% year-on-year to approximately RMB9,324.5 million. Sales of the Group’s branded down apparel business and the OEM management business increased by 15.9% and 5.0% to approximately RMB7,093.7 million and RMB954.9 million, respectively. Sales of the non-down apparel business slightly dropped by 5.3% to approximately RMB1,275.9 million as compared to the previous year. The Group focused on the down apparel business to develop down apparel brands separately with clear- cut positioning and product styles of each brand to fulfill the needs of various customers, which resulted in increased average unit price and sales volume of down apparels of 5.6% and 9.6%, respectively. The Group also expanded the non-down apparel business in an orderly manner, and carried out the OEM management business during the slack season for down apparels from April to September to increase the overall revenue. The OEM management business, most customers of which came from overseas and the majority transactions of which were denominated in U.S. dollars, recorded a slowdown in growth due to appreciation of Renminbi but the performance was still satisfactory. Year ended March 31, (RMB million) (RMB million) (in %) • Others* • Others# A majority of the Group’s products were branded down apparel sold wholesale, which accounted for 76.6% of the Group’s branded down apparel revenue, compared to 69.8% in the previous year. Since the Group’s implementation of the “non- seasonal products” development strategy, the non- down apparel business has continued to generate stable revenue for the Group. The non-down apparel business recorded decreased sales revenue due to unstable macroeconomic environment and reduced domestic demand and the fact that the Group closed down stores with poor performance or in unfavourable locations during the year under review (reduced to 1,426 from 1,672 of last year), coupled with downward adjustment of targets to allow rooms for distributors to handle inventory and improve cash flow. During the year ended March 31, 2013, the revenue contribution from the non-down apparel business to the total revenue of the Group marginally decreased to 13.7% (approximately RMB1,275.9 million), from 16.1% (approximately RMB1,347.2 million) of last year. Year ended March 31, (RMB million) (RMB million) (in %) Year ended March 31, (RMB million) (RMB million) (in %) The Group’s core brand, Bosideng, continues to be marketed as a mid to high-end brand, targeting customers with greater spending power who seek trendy and fashionable designs and quality. Snow Flying appeals to younger customers with more energetic lifestyles. The Combo and Bengen branded apparels offer traditional down apparel lines for men and colourful, youthful down apparel lines for women, respectively, and are targeted at the mass market. As a result of such brand positioning strategy, sales of the Bosideng branded apparel remained the largest contributor and contributed 67.0% or approximately RMB4,753.8 million to the total branded down apparel sales. Snow Flying contributed 17.0% or approximately RMB1,208.3 million to the total branded down apparel sales. Combo and Bengen recorded revenues of RMB532.5 million and RMB424.5 million, which represented 7.5% and 6.0% of the total branded down apparel sales, respectively. Bosideng MAN is the major menswear brand of the Group and the largest contributor to the revenue of the non-down apparel business, which contributed 37.9% or approximately RMB483.9 million to the total non- down apparel sales. JESSIE is a famous local mid to high-end ladies’ wear brand with business and casual styles targeted at office ladies. Mogao is targeted at young consumers aged between 20 to 30. This brand offers affordable trendy casual wear and is designed to reflect the happy, healthy, natural and sincere characteristics of the youth. JESSIE and Mogao recorded revenues of approximately RMB332.1 million and RMB426.0 million, which represented 26.0% and 33.4% of the total non-down apparel revenue, respectively. The Group leveraged on its economies of scale and strictly implemented cost control measures to mitigate the effect arising from the increasing labour costs and raw material costs. The Group took timely advantage of its strong cash position to make prepayment to its suppliers and manufacturers in order to minimize the raw materials and processing costs. The Group’s cost of sales increased from approximately RMB4,187.4 million (amounting to 50.0% of the Group’s total revenue) of last year to approximately RMB4,604.0 million (amounting to 49.4% of the total revenue) during the period under review. The sales margin of the branded down apparel business, non-down apparel business and the OEM management business for the period under review was 55.5%, 45.7% and 20.9%, respectively, as compared to 54.7%, 49.3% and 19.5%, respectively for last year. The Group’s distribution expenses, mainly comprising advertising and promotion expenses, concessionaire fees and salary and welfare, amounted to approximately RMB2,782.4 million, representing an increase of 22.7%, as compared to approximately RMB2,268.1 million in the previous year. The increase in the actual spending was mainly due to separate development of down apparel brands, increase in the number of sales outlets (to 13,009 from 8,344 of the same period last year), corresponding increase in the number of staff and concessionaire fees, and increased demand for brand advertising. In terms of percentage to revenue, distribution expenses constituted 29.8% of the total revenue, signifying a slight rise of 2.7 percentage points as compared to 27.1% for the same period of last year. The administrative expenses of the Group, which mainly comprise provision of doubtful debt, salary and welfare, travelling expenses and office expenses, amounted to approximately RMB459.1 million, representing an increase of 36.1% from approximately RMB337.4 million in the previous year. The increase mainly resulted from the increase in the headcount, travelling expenses and office expenses for the promotion of separate development of the down apparel business. During the year under review, administrative expenses accounted for 4.9% of the Group’s revenue, representing an increase of 0.9 percentage points as compared to 4.0% for the same period of last year. Impairment losses on customer relationships During the year under review, the Group recognized impairment losses on customer relationships and goodwill of approximately HK$166.8 million and HK$89.3 million, respectively. Such impairment losses arose from the Group’s acquisition of the Menswear business in 2009 and the acquisition of the Ladies’ wear business in 2011, the details of which are set out below. On August 29, 2008, Bosideng International Fashion Limited (“BIF”), a subsidiary of the Group, entered into a conditional call option agreement with Goldwai Holdings Limited (“GHL”), an independent third party, at a consideration of HK$10 for obtaining a conditional call option in relation to the acquisition of GHL’s entire interest in Ying Fai International Investment Limited (“YFL”). On May 15, 2009, BIF exercised the call option and entered into a sale and purchase agreement (the “Menswear SPA”) with GHL on May 26, 2009 to acquire all its interest in YFL. The Group obtained control of YFL on May 26, 2009 (the “Acquisition Date of Menswear”). YFL, based on a licensing agreement with the Group, engages in the sourcing and distribution of the Bosideng branded non-down menswear apparels in the PRC through its indirectly wholly owned operating subsidiary, Jiangsu Bosideng Garment Development Co., Ltd. (“Bosideng Garment”), incorporated in the PRC. The total consideration payable by the Group comprised a minimum consideration of RMB520 million payable on the Acquisition Date of Menswear, and two instalments of contingent consideration depending on Bosideng Garment’s growth rate (as defined in the Menswear SPA) from March 31, 2009 to March 31, 2011, which were repayable within two years. The maximum amount payable for both instalments of contingent consideration of RMB130 million was paid by the Group into an escrow deposit account. Fair value of the customer relationships, the identifiable intangible assets arising from the acquisition of the Menswear business amounted to RMB353 million as of the Acquisition Date of Menswear. Goodwill resulting from the purchase accounting amounted to RMB293 million upon the acquisition. As the applicable percentage ratios calculated under Rule 14.07 of the Listing Rules in respect of the acquisition of the Menswear business were greater than 5% but less than 25%, the acquisition of the Menswear business constituted discloseable transactions for the Company under Chapter 14 of the Listing Rules, the details of which were disclosed in the Company’s announcements dated May 15, 2009 and May 26, 2009, respectively. Total consideration payable under the Menswear SPA represents: Under the Ladies’ wear SPA (the details of which are set out under the section headed “JESSIE” in this annual report), the total consideration payable by the Group to Talent Shine International Limited comprised cash consideration of RMB297.5 million and share consideration by way of issuance of 235,000,000 new ordinary shares of the Company on the Acquisition Date of Ladies’ wear with the fair value calculated based on the closing market price of HK$2.16 per share on the business day immediately preceding the Acquisition Date of Ladies’ wear, and contingent considerations depending on the adjusted net profits (as defined in the Ladies’ wear SPA) of the Ladies’ wear Companies and their subsidiaries from March 31, 2012 to March 31, 2015, which are repayable within three years. The fair value of the contingent considerations payable at the Acquisition Date of Ladies’ wear was RMB189 million. Fair value of the customer relationships, one of the identifiable intangible assets arising from the acquisition of the Ladies’ wear business amounted to RMB245 million as of the Acquisition Date of Ladies’ wear. Goodwill resulting from the purchasing accounting amounted to RMB484 million upon the acquisition. As the applicable percentage ratios as calculated under Rule 14.07 of the Listing Rules in respect of the acquisition of the Ladies’ wear business were more than 5% but less than 25%, the acquisition of the Ladies’ wear Companies contemplated under the Ladies’ wear SPA constituted a discloseable transaction of the Company under Chapter 14 of the Listing Rules, the details of which were disclosed in the Company’s announcement dated October 28, Total consideration payable under the Ladies’ wear SPA represents: The Group had engaged an independent valuer for the valuation of the fair value of the identifiable intangible assets in connection with the acquisition of the Menswear business in 2009 and the acquisition of the Ladies’ wear business in 2011, which includes the fair value of customer relationships and trademarks initially determined by applying the income approach — multi-period excess earnings method (the “MEEM”). The MEEM is a commonly used valuation technique in determining the fair value of intangible assets and is usually used when the revenue stream of certain intangible assets cannot easily be separated from another asset such as fixed assets, etc. This method captures the projected cash flow of the company attributable to the intangible asset, while deducting the cash flow attributable to other assets through the use of contributory asset charges which are the economic rents of other contributing assets. The MEEM is also able to capture the projected cash flow generated from the continuing use of the customer relationships, if any, and apply a discount rate reflecting its return to determine the customer relationships’ value in use. Therefore, the Company believes that the MEEM is appropriate in determining the customer relationships’ value in use. Subsequently when the Group performed impairment testing for the intangible assets and goodwill, the management considered that, given that the recoverable amount represented the value in use (the present value of the future cash flows expected to be derived from the asset or the cash-generating unit (“CGU”)), the management used the same valuation methodology and information, taking into account any changes in the inputs used in the valuation models due to the change of the business environment at the reporting period end, to calculate the recoverable amount of the customer relationships, Menswear CGU and Ladies’ wear CGU as at March 31, 2013. As such, no independent valuer was engaged for the valuation of the recoverable amounts of the customer relationships, Menswear CGU and Ladies’ wear CGU as at March 31, 2013, and no valuation report was prepared by the independent valuer in this regard for the year under review. Various factors in relation to the latest market condition had led to the impairment losses on customer relationships and goodwill for the year ended March 31, 2013. Due to the continuous downturn in the macroeconomic environment and the weak end-consumer market, the Chinese apparel industry suffered a significant recession during 2012. The growth rate of the retail apparel market has achieved the lowest since 2002. The ability and willingness of end consumers has been reducing as well. On the other hand, with the further popularization of e-commerce and foreign fast fashion brands, more and more domestic consumers change their preferences on consumption, e.g. preference for online shopping rather than shopping at physical stores and preference for foreign fast fashion brands rather than domestic brands, all of which have brought more challenges to the domestic traditional apparel industry. Nevertheless, the Directors planned to take certain actions to respond to the unfavourable market condition, including active destocking, optimizing distribution and logistics network and developing e-commerce, and also held a prudent yet positive view on the Group’s future business performance. The impairment losses had also resulted from the projected business performance of the Menswear business and the Ladies’ wear business. Based on the actual revenue and net loss amounting to RMB483 million and RMB9 million, respectively for the financial year ended March 31, 2013, the projected revenue of the Menswear business is RMB507 million, RMB563 million and RMB609 million for each of the three financial years ending March 31, 2014, 2015 and 2016, respectively, while the net profit is estimated to be RMB17 million, RMB45 million and RMB69 million, respectively. Based on the actual revenue and net profit amounting to RMB332 million and RMB71 million, respectively for the financial year ended March 31, 2013, the projected revenue of the Ladies’ wear business is RMB401 million, RMB504 million and RMB608 million for each of the three financial years ending March 31, 2014, 2015 and 2016, respectively, while the net profit is estimated to be RMB99 million, RMB136 million and RMB173 million, respectively. The management of the Company projected the future business performance of the Menswear business and the Ladies’ wear business by taking into account the latest market condition and the actual performance of the Menswear business and the Ladies’ wear business for the year ended March 31, 2013, which were poorer than those used in the valuation of the fair value of identifiable intangible assets in connection with the acquisition of the Menswear business in 2009 and the acquisition of the Ladies’ wear business in 2011, and the subsequent impairment tests for intangible assets and goodwill in the previous reporting period end, due to the decreased gross margin and increased operating expenses. In addition, the management of the Company have also estimated that the attrition of customer relationships of the Menswear business and the Ladies’ wear business would accelerate according to the projected business performance, which also led to the impairment losses on customer relationships. Except for those assumptions used in preparing the projection mentioned above, the key assumption used in the calculation of respective value in use of the customer relationships and the CGUs was the post- tax discount rate. The management of the Company were of the opinion that the uncertainties of projected business performance of the Menswear business and the Ladies’ wear business increased with regard to the latest market condition. Therefore, relatively higher discount rates were applied in the impairment test for intangible assets and goodwill. During the year under review, the Group’s operating profit decreased by 21.6% to approximately RMB1,271.7 million. Operating profit margin was 13.6%, representing a decrease of 5.8 percentage points as compared to 19.4% for the same period of last year. The decrease was mainly due to the rapid increase in operating expenses and the one-off impairment for customer relationships and goodwill in respect of Bosideng MAN and JESSIE ladies’ wear with an aggregate amount of approximately RMB256.1 million, the details of which are set out in the section headed “Administrative expenses” above. The Group’s finance income for the year under review increased by approximately 106.3% to approximately RMB305.5 million from approximately RMB148.1 million in the previous year. The increase was mainly due to the decrease of the fair value of contingent consideration payable in respect of JESSIE ladies’ wear. The Group’s finance expenses for the year under review increased by 151.9% to approximately RMB120.2 million, mainly due to the increase in bank charges relating to the issuance of letters of credit and interest and related expenses resulting from the bank borrowings raised in Hong Kong during the year. For the year ended March 31, 2013, income tax expenses increased from approximately RMB271.0 million to approximately RMB404.3 million, mainly due to the fact that some of the Group’s operating subsidiaries in the PRC were in the process of applying for preferential tax treatment and for tax losses, and such tax treatment and relief are recorded only upon being confirmed. The Board has recommended the payment of a final dividend of HKD6.5 cents (equivalent to approximately RMB5.2 cents) per ordinary share for the year ended March 31, 2013. The proposed dividend payment is subject to approval by the shareholders of the Company at the annual general meeting to be held on or around August 28, 2013. Upon shareholders’ approval, the proposed final dividends will be paid on or around September 12, 2013 to shareholders whose names appear on the register of members of the Company on September 4, 2013. For the year ended March 31, 2013, the number of inventory turnover days was 134 days (2012: 114 days), representing a decrease of 66 days as compared to 200 days for the six months ended September 30, 2012. The decrease was mainly due to the fact that the peak season of the down apparel industry is generally between October each year and February of the following year. In order to meet the demand in the peak season, the inventory level in the first half of the financial year will be higher to stabilize supply. To maintain a stable and healthy level of inventory, the Group formulated and adopted a number of inventory provision policies, pursuant to which the Group assesses inventory at each balance sheet date based on the lower of cost and net realizable value (“NRV”) of each item or category of inventory. NRV of inventories represents the estimated selling price in the ordinary course of business, less the estimated costs for completion and selling expenses. Such estimates are based on the prevailing market conditions and past experience of distribution and sale of similar products (such as the estimated timing of inventories to be used or sold and the estimated selling price of inventories in accordance with the sales and marketing strategies developed by the Group with reference to market and weather conditions as well as preferences and purchasing power of customers). The management assesses the above estimates at each balance sheet date. As at March 31, 2013, compared to the cost of down apparel inventories, the percentage of write-down to NRV of products produced in 2009 and before, in 2010, 2011 and 2012 were approximately 100%, 50%, 21% and 5%, respectively. As disclosed in the 2012/13 interim report of the Company, on September 30, 2012, the unaudited value of finished products was RMB1,598.9 million, of which RMB839.6 million were subsequently sold prior to March 31, 2013. For the remaining unsold finished products with a value of RMB759.3 million brought forward from September 30, 2012, the Group intends to sell them at higher discount rates through department store promotional activities or dedicated outlets during the off-peak season from April to September 2013. If there are still some goods unsold in the off-peak season, such goods can be carried forward to the next winter sales season. The Group will consider the overall future plan for sales of all finished products as of March 31, 2013 and, if necessary, will make further provision for obsolete products. At the same time, the audit committee of the Company (the “Audit Committee”) will review the provision policy and make sure the Company does follow the policy strictly when making provision based on the communication with the management of the Company during the Audit Committee meeting. The Audit Committee has obtained and taken into consideration the independent auditor’s view on the Company’s provision policy and provision position when they assessed whether the Company has made sufficient provision on its inventory as at March 31, 2013. For the year ended March 31, 2013, the number of turnover days for receivables was 36 days (2012: 33 days), representing a decrease of 40 days as compared to 76 days for the six months ended September 30, 2012, mainly due to the fact that acceptance of orders for down apparels generally starts in July, while payments are usually due at year end. In addition, for the six months ended September 30, 2012, the Group particularly extended the credit period for individual distributors of both down apparels and Bosideng MAN who had long-term business relationship with the Group, and increased the proportion of credit sales to such distributors. This has resulted in an increase in the number of turnover days of trade receivables from 63 days for the first half of 2011/12 by 13 days to 76 days for the six months ended September 30, 2012. Credit period normally ranges from 30 to 90 days. Trade and bills receivables that are past due but not impaired have resulted in the trade receivables turnover days longer than the credit period. The Group normally allows a credit period ranging from 30 to 90 days from the date of billing to its customers. As of March 31, 2013, trade and bills receivables of RMB71.4 million were past due but considered to be not impaired because the relevant customers had established long-term co-operation relationships with the Group, and had a good credit reputation with no recent history of default payment. Management has always been closely monitoring overdue balances, and making timely assessment of the recoverability of each items and provision for bad and doubtful debts in compliance with the Group’s policies. As disclosed in the 2012/13 interim report of the Company, the unaudited trade and bills receivables as of September 30, 2012 was RMB1,722.9 million, of which RMB1,607.0 million were subsequently settled by March 31, 2013. The Group adopted prudent funding and treasury management policies while maintaining an overall healthy financial position. The Group’s source of funding was cash generated from operating activities and bank borrowings raised in Hong Kong for the purpose of capital allocation. For the year ended March 31, 2013, the Group’s net cash generated from operating activities amounted to approximately RMB632.5 million, as compared to approximately RMB1,315.8 million for the year ended March 31, 2012. Cash and cash equivalents as at March 31, 2013 was in the amount of approximately RMB1,935.4 million, as compared to approximately RMB1,907.0 million as at March 31, 2012. Cash and cash equivalents was maintained at a healthy level. In order to maximize returns on the Group’s available cash reserves, the Group had available-for-sale financial assets, which comprised principal guaranteed short-term investments with banks in the PRC. Available-for-sale financial assets have expected but not guaranteed returns ranging from 4.0% to 6.81% per annum. As at March 31, 2013, the Group had bank borrowings amounting to approximately RMB2,656.1 million (2012: RMB1,740.7 million). The gearing ratio (total debt/ total equity) of the Group was 36.5% (March 31, 2012: 23.7%). As at March 31, 2013, the Group had no material contingent liabilities. As at March 31, 2013, the Group had outstanding capital commitments in respect of plant, property and equipment amounting to approximately RMB105.8 million (March 31, 2012: RMB241.2 million). As at March 31, 2013, the Group had irrevocable operating lease commitment which amounted to approximately RMB340.4 million (March 31, 2012: approximately RMB432.4 million). As at March 31, 2013, bank deposits amounting to approximately RMB1,412.8 million had been pledged to secure the Group’s bank loans and banking facilities in relation to bills payable and letters of credit (March 31, 2012: approximately RMB862.7 million). The financial risk management of the Group is the responsibility of the Group’s treasury department at our head office. One of the major objectives of the Group’s treasury policies is to manage its exposure to fluctuations in interest rates and foreign currency exchange rates. The business operations of the Group were conducted mainly in the PRC with its revenues and expenses denominated in RMB. Some of the Group’s cash and bank deposits, including proceeds from the Group’s initial public offering, were denominated in Hong Kong Dollars or US Dollars. The Company and some of its overseas subsidiaries selected US Dollars as their functional currency. Any significant exchange rate fluctuations of Hong Kong Dollars or US Dollars against each entity’s respective functional currency may have a financial impact on the Group. As at March 31, 2013, the Directors considered the Group’s foreign exchange risk to be insignificant. During the year under review, the Group did not use any financial instruments for hedging purpose. As at March 31, 2013, the Group had approximately 5,327 full-time employees (March 31, 2012: 4,785 full-time employees). Staff costs for the twelve months ended March 31, 2013 (including Directors’ remuneration in the form of salaries and other allowances) was approximately RMB767.3 million (2012: approximately RMB553.6 million). The increase in staff costs was mainly due to the implementation of the Group’s independent development policy for its down apparel brands, the expansion of self-operated stores for down apparel products and the increase in the number of relevant employees. The Group’s remuneration and bonus policy is primarily based on the duties, performance and length of service of each individual employee with reference to the prevailing market conditions. To provide employees with a comfortable and harmonious living environment, the Group has constructed apartments as staff dormitory according to the standard of a three-star hotel. Each room is equipped with television, telephone, internet cable and air-conditioner and provided with hotel- style management services. University graduates, professional technicians and management members from other cities, who do not have a living place in Changshu are eligible to apply for accommodation once they are employed by the Group. To attract and retain skilled and experienced personnel and motivate them to strive for the future development and expansion of its business, the Group has also adopted a share scheme (the “Share Scheme”), a share award scheme (the “Share Award Scheme”) as well as a share option scheme (the “Share Option Scheme”). As at March 31, 2013, no share option had been granted by the Group under the Share Option Scheme. Looking forward to the fiscal year of 2013/14, the global economy is expected to improve, while China’s economy recover gradually. Yet, growth of domestic demand is still subject to certain constraints, overcapacity in some industries is noticeable, and companies face various difficulties in their production and operation. The Group holds a prudent yet positive view on its future development. The Group will insist on having down apparel as its core business and deepen the development of its product types. The non-down apparel brand is also an integral part of the Group as an integrated brand operator. The Group will continue its focus on the non- down apparel business. Meanwhile, the Group will introduce more brands by actively acquiring quality mid to high-end men’s and ladies’ wear brands in the market to diversify its product portfolio. The Group intends to constantly increase the contribution of non- down apparel business to the net profits of the Group. Well-aware of the challenges ahead and well-prepared to strive for excellence with dedication, the Group will maintain its prudent business development this year and stride toward becoming a world-renowned integrated apparel brand operator. 