The key operational data of our three premium operating coking coal mines in Liulin County, Shanxi Province (Xingwu Coal Mine, Jinjiazhuang Coal Mine and Zhaiyadi Coal Mine, collectively referred to as the “Three Mines”) for the year under review together with that of the same period of 2020 (the “Last Year” or “2020 FY”) is summarised as follows: Quantity/ Production volume: Sales volume: Average realised selling price (inclusive of VAT): Annual Report 2021 BUSINESS REVIEW (continued) For the year ended 31 December 2021, the Group produced approximately 5.17 million tonnes (“Mt”) (2020 FY: approximately 4.95 Mt) of raw coking coal, representing a year-on-year (“YoY”) increase of 4% and also produced approximately 3.20 Mt (2020 FY: approximately 3.23 Mt), representing a YoY slight decrease of 1%. Excluding the effect on the purchase of clean coking coal of approximately 0.07 Mt for washing from outsiders in the Last Year, the production volume of the Group’s clean coking coal slightly increased by 1% instead. As the lower coal seam of Jinjiazhuang Coal Mine had been returned to normal operation since the resumption of production in August 2019, the raw coking coal production volume of Jinjiazhuang Coal Mine increased by 27% YoY. Although the Three Mines had temporarily suspended production in the late of June 2021 with details disclosed below under “Safety Production and Environmental Protection”, the Group has adjusted its production plan for the second half of 2021. Eventually, there is neither significant economic loss nor significant negative effect on the operation and production of the Group for the year under review. Finally, our raw coking coal production volume was increased by 4% YoY for the year under review. Despite the slight decline in production volume of clean coking coal, after adding up the purchase of clean coking coal of approximately 0.13 Mt (2020 FY: 0.09 Mt) from outsiders for sales for the purpose of over-quality control, the sales volume of clean coking coal slightly increased by 1% YoY for the year under review. For the year ended 31 December 2021, sales of clean coking coal accounted for 100% of the Group’s revenue. Sales of clean and raw coking coal accounted for approximately 99% and 1% of the Group’s revenue respectively for the Last Year. This is in line with the Group’s long-term strategy to concentrate on clean coking coal sales. BUSINESS REVIEW (continued) Benefit from rapid rebound of China’s economy, certain policies on restriction of imported coal to China and the strong coal demand in the domestic coal market in 2021 especially in the second half of 2021, etc., the average benchmark market selling prices of clean coking coal surged by approximately 78% YoY for the year ended 31 December 2021. In particular, its average benchmark market selling prices for the second half of 2021 increased by 134% YoY. For the year ended 31 December 2021, the Group’s average realised selling price (inclusive of value added tax “VAT”) of clean coking coal sharply increased by 66% YoY to Renminbi (“RMB”) 2,019/tonne when compared with that of the Last Year (2020 FY: RMB1,218/tonne) which was in line with the upside trend of coking coal market prices. The growth rate in average realised selling price of clean coking coal was less than that of market price because of adjustments of long term contract selling prices quarterly in general and the different qualities of clean coking coal produced within the same kind for the year under review. In terms of its sales volume, sales of No.1 and No.2 clean coking coal accounted for 33% and 67% (2020 FY: 33% and 67%) of the total clean coking coal sales volume respectively for the year ended 31 December 2021. For the year ended 31 December 2021, the Group recorded a revenue of approximately Hong Kong Dollars (“HK$”) 7,076 million, representing a sharp increase of approximately HK$3,079 million or 77% YoY as compared with that of approximately HK$3,997 million for the Last Year. The sharp increase in revenue was mainly driven by the significant increase in average realised selling prices of clean coking coal by 66% YoY, the rise in average exchange rate of RMB to HK$ by approximately 6.67% YoY and the slight increase in sales volume of clean coking coal by 1% YoY for the year under review. For the year ended 31 December 2021, the total revenue to the top five customers accounted for 78% (2020 FY: 83%) of the Group’s revenue. Of which, the total revenue to the largest customer accounted for 40% (2020 FY: 36%) of the Group’s revenue. For the year ended 31 December 2021, gross profit margin was 62% while 47% for the Last Year. Gross profit was sharply increased by approximately HK$2,526 million or 135% YoY. The sharp increase in gross profit was attributable to the significant increase in revenue by 77% as explained above. In addition, benefit from the appreciation of average exchange rate of RMB to HK$ by approximately 6.67% YoY, the profit which was mainly derived from the Group’s coal business in China, with RMB as its functional currency, was increased. Annual Report 2021 FINANCIAL REVIEW (continued) For the year ended 31 December 2021, the Group recorded a net profit of approximately HK$3,061 million representing a significant increase of 158% YoY and profit attributable to the owners of the Company (the “Owners”) of approximately HK$2,538 million representing a significant increase of 135% YoY and also recorded historical high profit. During the year under review, the significant increase in the Group’s net profit by 158% YoY is in line with the surge in gross profit by approximately HK$2,526 million or 135% YoY. In addition, as a result of the significant rise in coal market prices, income from sales of coal related by-products increased by approximately HK$57 million or 158% YoY; and the increase in dividend income amounting to approximately HK$13 million or 27% YoY generated from financial assets during the year under review. Nevertheless, interest income was reduced by approximately HK$26 million YoY as a result of the drop in market interest rates and the net foreign exchange gain decreased by approximately 43 million in the year under review. Eventually, the Group recorded net profit of approximately HK$3,061 million, significantly increased by 158% YoY, during the year under review. During the year under review, basic earnings per share was HK50.25 cents (2020 FY: HK20.62 cents), representing a significant increase of 144% YoY as a result of the significant increase in profit attributable to the Owner by 135% and the reduction of weighted average number of issued share capital of the Company by 4% YoY resulting from the repurchase of 250 million shares in September 2020 by the Company. The Group recorded EBITDA of approximately HK$4,736 million (2020 FY: approximately HK$2,179 million) and generated a positive cash flow of approximately HK$3,858 million (2020 FY: approximately HK$837 million) from our operating activities during the year under review. As at 31 December 2021, the Group continues to maintain a healthy financial position and has free bank balances and cash of approximately HK$6,426 million (As at 31 December 2020: approximately HK$4,062 million). The sharp increase in free bank balances and cash is mainly due to the considerable positive cash flow generated from our operating activities of approximately HK$3,858 million during the year under review. The Group earned the return on cash resources amounting to approximately HK$158 million (2020 FY: approximately HK$227 million) during the year under review. FINANCIAL REVIEW (continued) During the year under review, cost of sales was approximately HK$2,681 million, representing an increase of approximately HK$553 million or 26% YoY, as compared with that of approximately HK$2,128 million for the Last Year. The increase in cost of sales was mainly due to the increase in actual usage volume of raw coking coal for sales, the reasonable increase in unit production costs as disclosed below and the appreciation in average exchange rate of RMB to HK$ by approximately 6.67%. Annual Report 2021 FINANCIAL REVIEW (continued) Cost of Sales (continued) The unit production costs are summarised as follows: For the year ended Production cost of raw coking Less: Depreciation and Cash production cost of raw Less: Uncontrollable costs – Processing cost for clean coking Included in cost of sales, amortisation of mining rights was approximately HK$256 million for the year ended 31 December 2021, representing an increase of approximately HK$29 million or 13% YoY, as compared with that of approximately HK$227 million for the Last Year. The increase in amortisation of mining rights was mainly due to the increase in actual usage volume of raw coking coal for sales during the year under review and the appreciation in average exchange rate of RMB to HK$ by approximately 6.67%. FINANCIAL REVIEW (continued) Cost of Sales (continued) Due to the substantial increase in average realised selling prices of clean coking coal by 66%, resources tax, which is charged on the basis of the selling price of coking coal, and levies of city constructional tax and additional educational surcharge, which is charged on the basis of the VAT, increased sharply by RMB36/tonne YoY, during the year under review. Nevertheless, the Group faced the rising concern in cost pressure, the stringent cost controls continuously implemented by the Group. Excluding the effect on the increase in these uncontrollable costs, unit of production cost of raw coking coal just increase by 11% YoY resulted from (i) the increase in environmental and restoration related costs by RMB14/tonne YoY as a result of the removal and reconstruction of estates and implementation and the strengthen of various environmental protection policies; (ii) the increase in staff costs by RMB15/tonne YoY due to the additional bonus paid to the staff as recorded a significant increase in profit and reached historical high profit according to performance appraisal system and there was reduction of social insurances payment under the central government relief policies as a result of the outbreak of COVID-19 in the Last Year, there was no such reduction during the year under review; and (iii) the increase in electricity charges YoY due to the rise in electricity price as a result of shortage in supply in the second half of the year under review and the electricity relief in the Last Year due to the outbreak of COVID-19. In addition, the unit processing cost of clean coking coal also increased by 6% YoY as a result of the decrease in clean coking coal production volume by 1% YoY, the increase in labour cost and electricity charges due to the reason mentioned above and the increase in drainage fee for gangue. As a result of the reasons above, gross profit was approximately HK$4,395 million for the year ended 31 December 2021, representing a significant increase of approximately HK$2,526 million or 135% YoY as compared with that of approximately HK$1,869 million for the Last Year. Gross profit margin was 62% for the year under review and 47% for the Last Year. Annual Report 2021 FINANCIAL REVIEW (continued) During the year under review, interest income was approximately HK$70 million, representing a reduction by approximately HK$26 million or 27% YoY as compared with approximately HK$96 million for the Last Year. The decrease in interest income was the result of the decrease in market interest rates. During the year under review, other income and gains, net was approximately HK$244 million, representing an increase of approximately HK$25 million or 11% YoY as compared with approximately HK$219 million for the Last Year. Excluding the impact of net foreign exchange gain of approximately HK$88 million (2020 FY: approximately HK$131 million) during the year under review, other income and gains, net was significant increased by approximately HK$68 million or 77% YoY, was mainly attributable to the increase in income from sales of coal related by-products by approximately HK$57 million or 158% YoY as a result of the significant rise in market prices of coal; and the increase in dividend income amounting to approximately HK$13 million or 27% YoY generated from financial assets during the year under review. During the year under review, the Group recorded net foreign exchange gain of approximately HK$88 million, representing a decrease of approximately HK$43 million or 33% YoY, as compared with that of approximately HK$131 million for the Last Year. The reduction in net foreign exchange gain was due to the drop in appreciation in RMB to HK$ exchange rate from approximately 4.55% as at reporting date on 31 December 2020 when compared with that as at 31 December 2019 to approximately 2.61% as at reporting date on 31 December 2021 when compared with that as at 31 December 2020. The Group has monetary current assets denominated in RMB, which RMB is not the functional currencies of those group entities, amounting to RMB1,400 million. FINANCIAL REVIEW (continued) During the year under review, selling and distribution expenses were approximately HK$270 million, representing a decrease of approximately HK$47 million or 15% YoY as compared with that of approximately HK$317 million for the Last Year. Selling and distribution expenses mainly included logistic costs such as the trucking fees for short distance and freight costs by sea and trucks for sales of clean coking coal, of which are usually re-charged to customers. The decrease was due to the drop in customers in long distance sales by trucks during the year under review. During the year under review, general and administrative expenses were approximately HK$208 million, representing an increase of approximately HK$26 million or 14% YoY as compared with approximately HK$182 million for the Last Year. The increase was mainly resulted from the rise in average RMB to HK$ exchange rate by 6.67% and the increase in labour related cost as disclosed above during the year under review. During the year under review, other operating expenses were approximately HK$96 million, representing an increase of approximately HK$32 million or 50% YoY as compared with approximately HK$64 million for the Last Year. The increase was mainly resulted from the rise in average RMB to HK$ exchange rate by 6.67% during the year under review and there was a reversal of impairment loss on trade receivables amounted to approximately HK$23 million in the Last Year. Other operating expenses mainly included the additional depreciation arising from the accelerated depreciation related to the underground mining structures of the upper coal seam of Xingwu Coal Mine amounted to approximately HK$73 million (2020 FY: approximately HK$76 million), as it was expected that production will be transferred from upper to lower coal seam in 2023 as disclosed in the 2020 Annual Report. Annual Report 2021 FINANCIAL REVIEW (continued) During the year under review, finance costs were approximately HK$1.3 million (2020 FY: approximately HK$1.3 million), of which approximately HK$1.2 million (2020 FY: approximately HK$1.3 million) was the interest expense on lease liabilities recognised under the adoption of HKFRS 16 and the remaining balance was interest derived from the early redemption of bills receivables of the Group for the short-term financing. For the year under review, no borrowing costs (2020 FY: nil) were capitalised in the construction in progress. During the year under review, income tax expense amounted to approximately HK$1,071 million (2020 FY: approximately HK$425 million). Income tax expense mainly includes the enterprise income tax calculated at a tax rate of 25% for the Group’s major PRC subsidiaries incorporated in the People’s Republic of China (the “PRC”) (“major PRC Subsidiaries”) and the provision of withholding tax of 5% on the dividend to be declared from the major PRC Subsidiaries in accordance with the relevant tax regulations in the PRC. The income tax expense was increased in line with profits during the year under review. By reasons of the foregoing, the profit attributable to the Owner during the year under review was approximately HK$2,538 million, a sharp increase of approximately HK$1,458 million or 135% YoY and also recorded historical high profit, while approximately HK$1,080 million for the Last Year. During the year ended 31 December 2021, the Group had no material investments and acquisitions. During the year ended 31 December 2021, the Group had no material disposals. FINANCIAL REVIEW (continued) As at 31 December 2021, save for disclosed below, none of the Group’s assets was charged or subject to any encumbrance. As at 31 December 2021, bank deposits of approximately HK$358 million and bills receivables of approximately HK$183 million were used for securing bills facilities. As at 31 December 2021, bills facilities of approximately HK$337 million has been utilised. As at 31 December 2021, there were no guarantees given by the Group and the Group has no material contingent liabilities. As at 31 December 2021, the Group had no borrowings. The gearing ratio of the Group was 0% (As at 31 December 2020: 0%). As at 31 December 2021, other than assets and liabilities denominated in RMB and Australian Dollars (“AUD”), the Group had no material exposure to foreign exchange fluctuations. As at 31 December 2021, RMB and AUD exchange rate were appreciated by approximately 2.61% and depreciated by approximately 5.2% respectively, when compared to that as at 31 December 2020. As the net assets value of PRC business operations denominated in RMB represented approximately 78% of the Group’s net assets value as at 31 December 2021, the appreciation in RMB also led to an exchange gain of approximately HK$259 million (other than the foreign exchange difference recognised in profit or loss stated above) recognised in the other comprehensive income upon translation of its net assets in the financial statements of coal business operations in the PRC for the year ended 31 December 2021. Besides, the aggregate carrying amount of assets denominated in AUD represented approximately 2% of the Group’s net assets value as at 31 December 2021. Thus, such fluctuation in AUD exchange rate is not expected to have any material impact on the financial position of the Group. The above exposure to fluctuation in exchange rates did not have any material impact on the financial position of the Group. Annual Report 2021 FINANCIAL REVIEW (continued) As at 31 December 2021, the Group’s current ratio (total current assets divided by total current liabilities) was approximately 2.69 times and the Group’s cash and bank deposits amounted to approximately HK$6,784 million, of which approximately HK$358 million was deposited to secure bills facilities of approximately HK$180 million. The Group continued to maintain a healthy net cash balance. The Group has total bills receivables amounting to approximately HK$2,260 million (of which approximately HK$94 million represented endorsed bills receivables and approximately HK$183 million was used for securing bills facilities of approximately HK$157 million) as at 31 December 2021. The free bills receivables were readily convertible into cash, but would be subject to finance cost upon conversion before the maturity. Taking into account for the free bills receivables of approximately HK$1,983 million, the Group’s free cash resources would have approximately HK$8,409 million as at 31 December 2021 (As at 31 December 2020: approximately HK$5,111 million). Total equity and borrowings are classified as capital of the Group. As at 31 December 2021, the share capital of the Company was approximately HK$15,157 million, represented approximately 5,052 million shares in number. During the year under review, there is no change in number and amount of issued shares. The Group had no borrowings as at 31 December 2021. As at 31 December 2021, the Group had 4,594 PRC and Hong Kong employees. The remuneration packages of the employees are subject to annual review. The Group provides mandatory and voluntary provident fund schemes for its employees in Hong Kong and the state-sponsored retirement plan for its employees in the PRC. The Group also provides training to employees in the PRC. The Group has a share option scheme. During the year under review, no share option was granted or exercised. As at 31 December 2021, no share option was outstanding. The Group has always been paying great attention to production safety and environmental protection while achieving stable coal production. Thus, the Group makes great efforts in promoting safety management and strengthening measures for environmental protection, aiming to build itself into a safety-oriented and environmentally-friendly enterprise. The Group has constantly complied with the relevant environmental protection rules and regulations. The Group fulfilled our responsibilities of energy saving, emission reduction and environmental protection by strictly managing production procedures, eliminating discharge of waste water and waste gas and controlling vegetation damage, etc. in material aspects. All coal mines of the Group have obtained necessary permission and approval from the relevant Chinese regulators. As stated in our 2021 Interim Report, the Three Mines had temporarily suspended production in the late of June 2021. An incident has occurred in Zhaiyadi Coal Mine in the late of June 2021 in which one person died. According to the investigation being performed by the third party, this incident would be classified as a general incident. According to the relevant rules and regulations in the Mainland China, Zhaiyadi Coal Mine had suspended production for comprehensive checking and it had already passed all checking and resumed its normal production in the early of August 2021. In addition, according to the notice of the local industry management department on 22 June 2021, all domestic mines, including Xingwu Coal Mine and Jinjiazhuang Coal Mine, had temporarily closed for safety inspection. Xingwu Coal Mine and Jinjiazhuang Coal Mine have already resumed their normal production in the early of July 2021 after closed for approximately 10 days. As the Group has adjusted its production plan for the second half of 2021, the Group produced raw coking coal of approximately 5.17 Mt in 2021, representing an increase of 4% YoY. The Group would neither have significant economic loss nor significant negative effect on the operation and production of the Group resulted from the aforesaid incident for the year under review. Except for the aforesaid events, all coal mines of the Group operated smoothly during the year under review. Annual Report 2021 The Group’s operations are mainly carried out by the Group’s subsidiaries in the PRC while the Company itself is listed on the main board of the Stock Exchange. The Group’s establishment and operations accordingly shall comply with relevant laws and regulations in the PRC and Hong Kong. During the year ended 31 December 2021 and up to the date of this report, the Group have complied with the relevant laws and regulations in the PRC and Hong Kong. The Group’s principal business activities are engaged in coking coal mining, production and sales of coking coal products in the PRC. As the Group’s coking coal products are mainly used for refining of coke which is the second largest raw materials for steel, our major customers are steelmakers. The Group exposed to a variety of key risks including financial risks (including market risk, credit risk and liquidity risk), market price risk and operational risks. Details of the aforesaid financial risks and risk mitigation measures are elaborated in note 3 “Financial Risk Management” to the consolidated financial statements. The market price of coking coal is highly depended on the demand of the downstream steel industry and the supply of coking coal. During the year under review, coking coal prices had risen steadily in the first half and then sharply increased to its historical high in the second half. In the fourth quarter of 2021, the prices were dropping. The overall market prices of coking coal were in an increasing trend in 2021, of which, the average market prices of benchmark clean coking coal significantly increased by 74% to 81% YoY in 2021. If coal prices were dropping, the Group’s results would be affected directly. (continued) Operational risks include the estimation of remaining coal reserves, the renewal of mining rights and the mining works. The lives of our coal mines are highly depended on the estimated remaining coal reserves and the possibility to renew the mining rights. Engineering estimates of the Group’s coal reserves involved subjective judgements by engineers that the inherent inaccuracy of technical estimation exists. If the past estimates change significantly, the lives of our coal mines would be shorter. In addition, the remaining license period of the mining rights held by the Group range from around 11 to 21 years which are shorter than the estimated useful lives of the coal mine estimated by the Group. If the Group is unable to renew the license of the mining rights from the relevant authority continuously, the respective mine may need to be closed down. Nevertheless, according to our past experiences and with our competent management team, we have renewed our mining rights at minimal charges in the past years. Mining works would become difficult and the environmental standards would be increased, resulting in rise in mining costs in the future. The Group’s success also depends on the support from key stakeholders which comprise employees, customers, suppliers and shareholders. Employees are regarded as the most important and valuable assets of the Group. Details of employees are disclosed above under “Employees”. The Group’s principal customers are steel manufacturers. For the year ended 31 December 2021, the total turnover to the top five customers accounted for 78% (2020 FY: 83%) of the Group’s turnover, of which, the total turnover to the largest customer, Shougang Group, together with its subsidiaries, accounted for 40% (2020 FY: 36%) of the Group’s turnover. We have maintained a long and good co-operation relationship with these top five customers. The competent sales team established by the Group is capable to utilise various means to strengthen the communications between the customers and the Group. Annual Report 2021 (continued) The Group’s principal suppliers are material vendors and contractors. The Group will continue to derive cost effectiveness by tendering, negotiating, improving the purchase system and developing new suppliers. In the meantime, various means have been established to maintain the quality of material and construction. Shougang Group, together with its subsidiaries, is the largest customer of the Group. To maximise shareholders’ interest is one of the corporate goals of the Group. The Group will continue to enhance production management, cost control and strive to increase our production capability, resources and reserves through acquisitions to improve the Group’s profitability in order to create better value for our shareholders. China’s Gross Domestic Product (“GDP”) growth was 8.1% in 2021, exceeded the 8.0% estimated by International Monetary Fund (“IMF”). China’s economy continued to recover steadily in 2021 and maintained a leading position in economic development and pandemic control, major economic indicators have achieved the expected goals. FUTURE PROSPECTS (continued) In 2021, factors like repeated resurgence of the pandemic, floods during the year, bulk commodity prices increased, weakening margins of policy support, and the central government’s mid-long term structural policy adjustments in various sectors since the third quarter caused short-term economic impact. China’s GDP quarterly growth rate YoY showed a trend of high to low during the year. The growth of infrastructure, fixed assets and real estate investment generally showed a similar trend in 2021, the cumulative YoY growth rates were 0.4%, 4.9% and 4.4% respectively. On the other hand, due to the “Dual Carbon” target and energy consumption control policy, strict crude steel reduction policy has been introduced countrywide since July 2021. In 2021, production volume of crude steel and pig iron were down by 3.0% and 4.3% respectively. Crude steel production volume dropped YoY for first time in six years. Despite the production of steel industry declined slightly due to the policy, the domestic coking coal supply being restricted by safety and environmental inspections, and the coking coal import fell by 25% YoY due to the impact of the pandemic and geopolitics, the prices of domestic coking coal products kept hitting record highs since second half of 2021. The annual average coking coal market price also increased significantly. Although the supply has increased accordingly after National Development and Reform Commission’s policy of ensuring supply and price stabilisation, the prices of coking coal products have fallen rapidly but still running at historically high level. Annual Report 2021 FUTURE PROSPECTS (continued) Looking forward to 2022, seeking progress while maintaining stability is the main tone of China’s economy this year. After a series policy adjustment in real estate industry in the past two years, the conventional real estate-led economic growth model has been changed gradually. Since 2022, real estate policy has shown signs of relaxation. Real estate investment is expected to bottom out and rebound during the year. The Two Sessions Work Report in 2022 proposed that the scale of new special bonds issuance will be RMB3.65 trillion this year. Moreover, it mentioned that infrastructure investment should be carried out moderately ahead of schedule. The RMB1.46 trillion new special bonds arranged in advance at the beginning of this year has already been issued more than 70% in January and February. It is expected that a proactive fiscal policy regime will promote a significant rebound in the growth of infrastructure investment and becoming an important growth engine of China’s economy this year. On the other hand, recently, three government departments namely Ministry of Industry and Information Technology, National Development and Reform Commission, Ministry of Ecology and Environment of the People’s Republic of China jointly issued a guideline for the high-quality development of the steel industry, suggest to delay “Carbon Emission Peak” to 2030. The pressure on steel production control in 2022 is expected to be significantly lower than 2021. This macro environment is constructive for the healthy development of the demand side of China’s steel industry. On the supply side of coking coal, the domestic coking coal output is expected to remain stable; on the import side, geopolitical crisis at the beginning of the year has caused severe turbulence in the commodity market, supply shortage and the reshaping of the global raw material supply chain pushes commodity price to go high continuously. To sum up, the coking coal industry is expected to be benefited from the stimulus of the Chinese government’s economic policy and import disturbance. The prices of coking coal products are expected to remain stable at a high level in 2022, especially in the first half of this year. FUTURE PROSPECTS (continued) On the other hand, due to the outbreak of variants of coronavirus such as Omicron recently around the world, a series of precautionary and control measures have been implemented and are expected to continue across the country. Up to the date of this report, the Group is not aware of any material adverse effects on the financial position and operating results of the Group as a result of the pandemic outbreak. The Group will pay close attention to the development of the pandemic outbreak and evaluate its impact on the Group, and the Group shall take proactive measures in response to the impact. The Group believed that the current healthy financial position and strong cash position not only could suffice to service its operating activities and investments in the foreseeable future, but could also face the adverse effects as a result of the pandemic, if any. Our Group will continue to strengthen production safety, introducing cutting-edge mining technology, promoting smart mining gradually to enhance production efficiency, cost control and contribute to sustainable development in respond to the plan of Chinese government in transforming to a green and low-carbon economy. With the Group’s stable financial position and strong cash flow, we will continue to monitor the development of the pandemic and economy to timely adjust our operating strategy. The Group will continue to maintain stringent corporate governance and leverage our competitive advantages to create greater value for our shareholders, employees and society. 