President Review of Operations and The scope of principal business of the Company includes: domestic and approved international and regional business for air transportation of passengers, cargo, mail, luggage and extended services. In addition, the Company is permitted to carry out the following business operations: general aviation business; maintenance of aviation equipment and machinery; manufacture and maintenance of aviation equipment; agency business for domestic and overseas airlines and other business related to air transportation; insurance-by-business agency services; e-commerce; in-flight supermarket; wholesale and retail of goods. The Group built up a streamlined and efficient modernised fleet, operating 758 passenger aircraft, including 6 business aircraft, with an average fleet age of 7.7 years. Surrounding Shanghai and Beijing core hubs and Xi’an and Kunming regional hubs, we provided high-quality and convenient air transport and extended services to worldwide travellers and customers. Current Development of the Aviation The global civil aviation industry demand has been recovering in 2021. However, the continuous evolution of COVID-19 and the travel restriction taken against Delta and Omicron variant in different countries have affected the stable recovery of passenger demand. In terms of air passenger transportation, the global aviation demand for air passenger transportation (measured by RPK) in 2021 and 2020 decreased by 58.4% and 65.9%, respectively, as compared to 2019 (pre-COVID-19) according to the report published by the International Air Transport Association (IATA), the decline has slowed down. The passenger load factor recovered to 67.2% in 2021, up 4.4% as compared to 2020, but still down 15.4% as compared to 2019. Currently, the international travel in many places around the world has yet to return to normal levels. In terms of freight transportation, even though the decline in capacity of air passenger transportation during COVID-19 has affected the flight capacity scale of passenger aircraft bellyhold space, the demand of epidemic prevention supplies and materials were high. In 2021, the demand of global air freight transportation increased by 18.7% as compared to 2020 and increased by 6.9% as compared to 2019 (pre-COVID-19). Facing the severe and complex situation of clustering and multipoint dispersion of epidemic in China and the spread of COVID-19 in overseas, China’s civil aviation industry strictly implemented various epidemic control measures which focused on “prevention of inbound cases and domestic resurgence and prevention of infection from both people and contaminate objects”. Airlines have launched individualized, differentiated and targeted aviation service products, striving to activate the aviation market. In 2021, Chinese airlines’ total traffic volume amounted to 85.7 billion tonne-kilometres; passenger traffic volume amounted to 440 million; cargo and mail traffic volume amounted to 7,320,000 tonnes, representing an increase of 7.3%, 5.5% and 8.2% as compared to 2020. The figures have returned to 66.3%, 66.8% and 97.2% of the level in 2019, respectively. The industry has shown great resilience in the face of adversity. Advantages of Located in Prosperously Developed The Group enjoys relatively strong location advantages. Being one of the three major state-owned aviation companies, the headquarters and main operation bases of the Group are located in the super-sized international city — Shanghai. As China’s key economic centre and international shipping centre, Shanghai has always had very close economic and trade connection with the Asia-Pacific region, Europe and America. The time it takes to fly from Shanghai to major Asian cities is about 2 to 5 hours, and to Europe and the west coast of North America is about 10 to 12 hours. The Yangtze River Delta directly served by Shanghai is one of the most economically vibrant regions in China with the highest degree of openness and the strongest innovative capacity as well as the key intersection of the “Belt and Road” and “Yangtze River Economic Belt”. Review of Operations and The Company has the biggest market share in Shanghai Hongqiao International Airport and Shanghai Pudong International Airport, demonstrating the significant location advantage of its main operation bases: The Eastern Air Jiangsu and Zhejiang Branch under the Company has base operational advantages and relatively strong brand influence in Jiangsu and Zhejiang provinces, respectively. The development of the Group will be benefited by the implementation of the “Yangtze River Delta Integration” strategy of China, the promotion of the construction of five centres in Shanghai, namely “Economic, Financial, Shipping, Trading, Technology Innovation”, and the overall plan for the construction of the Hongqiao International Open Hub. The Group has actively established the Shanghai core hub, and optimised the structure of flight network. As the “Terminal T1 + Satellite Terminal S1” hub in Pudong Airport commenced operation, the Group’s transit efficiency and service capabilities at Pudong Airport has been improved and its influence in the air transportation market in Shanghai and the Yangtze River Delta region has been enhanced. Flight Hub and Network Layout with Unique The Group has actively seized the opportunities of the coordinated development of Beijing-Tianjin-Hebei, the Yangtze River Delta Integration strategy and the construction of the Guangdong-Hong Kong-Macao Greater Bay Area to strengthen its route network layout. The Group chose Shanghai and Beijing, places with highly- developed economy and keen demand on outbound travelling, as its core hubs, while Kunming (the gateway of Southeast Asia) and Xi’an (the gateway of Northwest China under the “Belt and Road” initiative) as regional hubs. The Group has constructed key route networks in Guangzhou, Shenzhen, Chengdu, Nanjing, Hangzhou, Qingdao, Wuhan, Xiamen and other cities. Through the cooperation with the members of the SkyTeam Airline Alliance, the Group established and improved the flight transportation network that covers the whole country and reaches 1,036 destinations in 170 countries around the world. For domestic routes, the Group has set up subsidiaries in 16 provinces and cities including Shanghai, Beijing, Yunnan, Shaanxi, Jiangsu, Zhejiang, Anhui, Jiangxi, Shandong, Hubei, Shanxi, Gansu, Sichuan, Hebei, Guangdong and Fujian. The Group’s route network covers all provincial capital cities and key cities in China. For international routes, the Group’s route network covers major well-known cities and tourist destinations in Hong Kong, Macau, Taiwan, Japan, South Korea and Southeast Asia, and major international cities in Europe, America and Oceania. The Group has always strived on practicing the concept of green development as well as updating and optimizing the fleet structure. As at the end of 2021, the Group’s average fleet age was 7.7 years, being among the youngest in the world. As such, the Group has become one of the aviation companies equipped with the most streamlined and the most efficient fleet among large aviation companies in the world. The Group has integrated factors such as route network planning, aircraft performance and market demand to continuously enhance the match between fleet models and routes, transportation capacity and market situation. A Brand with Strong Oriental Characteristics and The Group has closely focused on the strategic goal of being “World Class” and continuously improved the quality of services. While implementing COVID-19 prevention and control, the Group has optimised and adjusted in-flight service processes in a timely manner by enhancing the quality of on-board meal services, and continued to create “precise, premium and refined” cabin services, thereby bringing a wonderful travel experience to passengers. In addition, the Company continued to be the core supporting enterprise and designated air carrier of the 4th China International Import Expo and opened the first full-life-cycle carbon-neutral flight in China, further enhancing its global brand influence. The Company has continuously promoted brand image management, communication and promotion, brand maintenance and other related work, and has been selected as one of the top 100 most valuable Chinese brands and one of the top 50 Chinese Global Brands by WPP and selected as one of the “Airlines 50 ” by Brand Finance of the UK. High Quality Customer Cluster and Outstanding The Group has always maintained a good safety record and service standards, and the loyalty of its passengers has continued to rise. The number of frequent flyer members of the “Eastern Miles” ( ) of the Group reached 48 million. In the industry, amid well-known international aviation companies, the Company has established a more stable and close comprehensive strategic cooperation relationship with Delta and AFK through capital and business collaboration, building a golden triangle of air transportation connecting Asia, North America and Europe. The Company has launched cooperative marketing with Japan Airlines. Its cooperation with Qantas in joint service on routes and market coordination has also become more extensive and in-depth. In the domestic aviation industry, Juneyao Airlines is a representative of outstanding private airlines, and is also based in Shanghai. Through carrying out strategic cooperation using the “equity + business” model with Juneyao Airlines, the service capability of the Group’s Shanghai main base has been further enhanced. In the upstream and downstream of the aviation industry chain, the Group has actively explored brand cooperation with world-renowned companies to create mutual benefits. The Group established the “Airline + Internet” cooperation model with Ctrip to strengthen cooperation in product and route promotion. It cooperated with China National Railway Group Co., Ltd. to realise one-stop booking of “air ticket + train ticket”. The Group has also strengthened its cooperation with Qiangsheng Taxi ( )、China Travel Hotel Group ( ) and Yaduo Hotel Group ( ) to improve travel convenience for passengers. The joint marketing activities between Eastern Airlines Wallet as well as airports and duty-free shops were launched to further expand the ways of using member points. Competitive Landscape and Under the impact of COVID-19, the external environment has become more complex, severe and uncertain. At present, Omicron variant and Delta variant are spreading in many places around the world, which continuously increased the pressure on China to prevent inbound cases. The continuous increase in the vaccination rate of coronavirus vaccine, the gradual introduction of specific drugs into clinical application, and the continuous enhancement in China’s ability to coordinate epidemic prevention and control as well as economic and social development in a scientific manner will help control the impact of COVID-19 on Chinese air transportation industry. The strong resilience and positive long-term fundamentals of Chinese economy will provide a good macro environment for the recovery and development of civil aviation. Leveraging the mega large-scale domestic demand market formed with a population of 1.4 billion, including a middle-class group of more than 400 million, and the continuous progress of China towards the goal of common prosperity, there is still a huge development potential for Chinese aviation market. The supportive governmental policies for civil aviation industry will also help the civil aviation industry to overcome difficulties and achieve recovery. According to the “14th Five-Year” Civil Aviation Development Plan issued by the CAAC, 2021 to 2022 is the time of recovery and accumulation, which shall focus on strengthening and consolidating the foundation; 2023–2025 is the time of growth and release, which shall focus on improving quality and enhancing efficiency, and the international market would be gradually restored while the domestic market is being consolidated and expanded. It is expected that Chinese airlines’ total traffic volume would reach 175.0 billion tonne-kilometres; passenger traffic volume would reach 930 million; cargo and mail traffic volume would reach 9.5 million tonnes in 2025. At present, China’s civil aviation industry has formed a competitive landscape dominated by three major airlines, including the Company, with multiple airlines co-existing. Under the influence of the epidemic situation and policies on cross-border travel restrictions, domestic airlines have shifted their flight capacity to the domestic market, which intensified the competition of domestic routes. At present, the Omicron variant and Delta variant are spreading in many countries. There is still great uncertainty in the development of the global epidemic. Adjustment of macroscopic policy of major developed economies, the persistently high level of global inflation, and the escalation of geopolitical conflicts in some countries may affect the recovery of the global economy, which may further affect the recovery process of the aviation industry. Crude oil prices are climbing and running at high levels, further intensifying cost pressures on airlines. The Group takes “building a world-class and happy CEA” as its strategic goal while taking “providing customers with safe, fast and comfortable high-quality air travel services” as its development mission, striving to become a world-class smart air travel integrated service provider that focus on sustained safety, innovative development, high quality and efficiency, environmental protection, synergetic development, employee passion, customer preference, shareholder satisfaction and social trust. The Group continuously strengthens the construction of safety management system and safety management mechanism, with an aim to continuously improve the efficiency of safety management. The Group will continue to deepen the construction of dual core hubs of Beijing and Shanghai and the dual regional hubs of Xi’an and Kunming, so as to steadily enhance the control on domestic and international core markets and build a new market territory. The Group will continue to deepen value-added services and optimise customer experience on air tickets, travel and life while continuing to promote digital transformation to realise “Digital CEA and Smart CEA”. The Group will continue to deepen reforms through optimising its organizational structure, improving the quality of its talent team, and strengthening its modern corporate governance capabilities, refined management capabilities, business-finance integration capabilities, and risk prevention capabilities, so as to achieve a significant improvement in the quality and efficiency of the Group. The Group will adhere to green development through actively planning and promoting the path to achieve carbon peaking and carbon neutrality, and will explore a fuel-saving and emission-reducing management method that combines information-based and market-based means to practice a sustainable and high-quality development path. Risks of Economic and Trade Environment, Geopolitics and COVID-19 The air transportation industry is closely connected to the economic and trade environment. The civil aviation transportation industry is more sensitive to macro- economic climate, which directly affects the development of economic activities, disposable income of residents and changes in the amount of import and export activities. These factors will in turn affect the demand for air passenger and cargo services. Meanwhile, international economic and trade relations, geopolitical conflict or war will bring a relatively significant impact to the demand of aviation market in such location and its surrounding areas. In addition, above-mentioned risks may drive large fluctuations in the prices of energy and other large commodities, thereby affecting the global economic activities and causing relatively great impacts on the Company’s operating results and financial condition. Public health emergencies like COVID-19 have a great impact on the demand of air passenger transportation. The continuous evolvement of COVID-19 is full of uncertainties, which in turn have a relatively great impact on the normal operation of aviation companies. The Group pays close attention to the changes in the domestic and overseas macro-economic situation, international economic and trade relations, the geopolitical situation and situation of COVID-19 worldwide, and flexibly adjusts its transportation capacity deployment and market sales, so as to actively respond to the impact caused by external economic and trade environment, geopolitical situation and situation of COVID-19. Airlines have business operations around the world. Hence, the aviation industry is largely affected by domestic and overseas economic policies and laws and regulations. The adjustments of and changes in relevant domestic and foreign laws and regulations, industrial policies, and regulatory policies may bring certain uncertainties to the future business development and operating results of the Company. At the same time, as the Company is a public company listed in several places around the world, the changes in the securities regulatory laws and regulations of the places of listing may have a relatively great impact on and bring uncertainties to the Company’s shareholder structure and its shares’ liquidity, price and continuity. With respect to industrial policies and regulations, the Group has played an active role in various discussions concerning their formulation and revision, and promptly analysed and considered their latest changes and impact on the Group, so as to seize the development opportunities arising from such updates and prudently respond to the risks, challenges and uncertainties arising from the changes in policies and regulations. Flight safety is the pre-condition and foundation for aviation companies to maintain normal operations and good reputation. Bad weather, mechanical failure, human errors, aircraft irregularities, national and international terrorism and other force majeure events may have an adverse impact on the flight safety, aviation security and operational safety of the Group. The Group solidly promoted the construction of safe work practices, strictly executed rules, regulations and operating standards, implemented the accountability system for safe operation, strengthened the investigation and management of security risks, enhanced its safety and risk prevention and control system, and strengthened safety management and control capabilities, so as to actively respond to operational safety risk. The rapid growth of the industry has provoked competition among airlines for core human resources (such as management personnel in key positions and professional technical staff), air traffic rights and time slots. If the Group’s reserve of core resources fails to adequately support the rapid growth of operational scale, the business and operations of the Group may be adversely affected. The Group has promoted the building of corporate culture of “Love at CEA”, further improved its incentive scheme for core technical staff, and proactively developed a core backup workforce through providing training programs to a pool of multi-tier backup management personnel and launching a core technical staff recruitment scheme. Meanwhile, the Group has coordinated with industry regulators with respect to air traffic rights and time slots, and proactively participated in the marketised competition for time slot resources. Along with the opening-up of the domestic aviation market, development of low-cost airlines and increased investment in the Chinese market by international airlines, future competition in the domestic air transportation industry may intensify, which may bring uncertainties to the Group’s air traffic rights and time slot resources, ticket price level and market share, and therefore impact the Group’s operating results. In addition, there is a certain level of substitutability between railway, highway and ship transportation and air transportation in certain markets. Certain routes of the Group may experience higher competitive pressure. The Group has actively responded to industry competition, proactively strived for new air traffic rights and time slots in hub markets and core markets, continuously refined its route network, steadily improved and consolidated its market share in the hubs and core markets. Through improving service quality and enhancing flight punctuality rate, the passenger experience was enhanced, which further strengthened the Group’s competitiveness. Jet fuel costs is one of the major expenses of the Company. Significant fluctuations of international oil prices will have a relatively great impact on jet fuel prices and revenue from fuel surcharge, and accordingly the Company’s operating results. As affected by COVID-19, there remains great uncertainty on the number of flights operated by and the fuel consumption of the Group in 2022, and hence, there also remains great uncertainty on the expected jet fuel costs. Without considering adjustment in fuel surcharge and other factors and on the basis of the fuel consumption of flights operated in 2021, if the average jet fuel price increases or decreases by 5%, jet fuel costs of the Group will increase or decrease by approximately RMB1,030 million. The Group has optimised its transportation capacity allocation, strengthened marketing and strove to increase passenger load factor and unit yield level, so as to respond to the pressure of rising jet fuel prices. The Group will proactively analyse the trend of international oil prices in the future, and, as authorised by the Board, prudently conduct jet fuel hedging activities. The Group has sizeable currency liabilities. As the Group’s foreign currency liabilities are mainly USD-denominated, if the exchange rate of USD against RMB fluctuates significantly, USD-denominated liabilities will generate a large amount of foreign exchange loss/gain, which will directly affect the Group’s profit for that period and result in a relatively great impact on the Group’s operating results. As at 31 December 2021, if USD had strengthened or weakened by 1% against RMB with all other variables held constant, the effect on the Group’s net profit and other comprehensive income would have been as follows: Effect on exchange In 2021, the Group expanded its financing channels by means of issuing super short-term debentures and corporate bonds and acquiring RMB borrowings to bring in RMB financing, and proactively optimised the mix of currency denomination of the Group’s debts. In the future, the Group will further reinforce its research and judgement on the foreign exchange market, expand the variety of its financing instruments such as RMB instruments and continuously improve the Group’s debts and currency structure in order to minimise the adverse impact arising from exchange rate fluctuations on the Group’s operations. The majority of the Group’s liabilities are attributable to USD-denominated liabilities and RMB-denominated liabilities generated from introduction of aircraft, engines and aviation equipment. The adjustment in interest rates of USD and RMB may cause changes in the borrowing costs of the Group’s existing loans that carry floating interest rates, as well as future finance costs, which in turn may affect the Group’s finance costs. As at 31 December 2021, assuming all other variables remain constant, if the interest rate had increased or decreased by 25 basis points, the effect on the Group’s net profit and other comprehensive income would have been as follows: Floating rate The Group intends to launch transactions in derivatives to further optimise the proportion of floating-rate debts to the USD-denominated debts in the future. At the same time, the Group will actively seize the opportunity to issue super short-term debentures and corporate bonds to minimise RMB finance costs. The development of various businesses during the Group’s operation is closely related to the information network system. If there is any design defect, operational failure in the network information system of the Group or inadequate training and education on compliance and lack of security awareness on the part of internal staff, or if the system experiences external network attacks, the Group’s business and operations may be affected, and customer data and information of the Group may be leaked. The occurrence of any of the foregoing may have an adverse impact on the operating results and brand image of the Group. The Group has continuously promoted the construction of information and network security projects, established a sound information and network security-related technical protection and security management mechanism, and strengthened information network security management capabilities. In response to the implementation of the GDPR released by the European Union, the Group has appointed a “data protection officer” to protect passenger information. The Group has also published “Network Security Management Manual” to improve its network security protection capabilities. During the process of expanding into new international markets, conducting external investments, mergers and acquisitions and restructuring existing businesses and assets, the Group may face risks associated with decision- making, management, legal, regulation and interference of competitors, which may affect the results of the development strategies of the Group. There remain certain risks associated with the failure of achieving expected goals of transformation projects or business adjustments in the future. The Group has made continuous improvements to the monitoring and management of the whole process of external investment, and will enhance the research of projects, strictly monitor various investment activities and refine its risk management mechanism through due diligence and asset valuation during its expansion into new international markets, commencement of external investments, mergers and acquisitions and restructuring existing businesses and assets. The air transportation industry requires advanced technology and high operating costs. There are limited available suppliers in respect of key operating resources including aircraft, engines, aviation equipment, jet fuel and information technology services. If there is any abnormality in the operations of the Group’s major suppliers which causes supply interruption related to the Group’s business, the Group’s business and operations may be adversely affected. The Group has paid close attention to suppliers closely related to the Group’s business and operations, and the corresponding department is responsible for analysing the contractual performance of suppliers and conducting assessment on suppliers regularly. The Group has continuously paid close attention to the changes in the market of materials highly relevant to its business and operations, and the procurement department is responsible for collecting and analysing price fluctuations, so as to actively respond to risks related to suppliers. The Company’s share price is not only dependent on the Group’s current results and projection for future operations, but also on factors including laws and requirements of the place of listing, policy environment, macro-economics, flow of market capital and investor structure and sentiment, etc. The Company’s share price may be subject to significant changes due to the aforementioned factors, which may directly or indirectly result in loss to the investors. The Group has continuously enhanced its corporate governance standards, earnestly fulfilled its obligations of information disclosure, constantly improved its operational management capability and strove for outstanding operating results. In the meantime, the Company has strengthened the communication between capital markets and various investors, paid close attention to the Company’s share price performance and media coverage, gave timely response to the market and strove to avoid abnormal fluctuations in the Company’s share price. The aviation transportation industry is highly sensitive to external factors. Apart from above-mentioned risks, natural disasters and the navigational or personnel restrictions imposed by countries may also affect market demand and the normal operation of airlines. Flight suspension, decrease in passenger volume and income, as well as increase in safety and insurance costs may adversely affect the business and operations of the Group. The Group strengthened risk management and control and actively responded to unexpected risks to minimise the relevant losses and protect the interests of the Company’s shareholders. In 2021, the Group’s passenger revenue amounted to RMB54,105 million, representing an increase of 9.94% from last year, and accounting for 86.69% of the Group’s traffic revenue. The passenger traffic volume was 108,803.69 million passenger-kilometres, representing an increase of 1.43% from last year. The passenger revenue of domestic routes amounted to RMB50,611 million, representing an increase of 25.45% from last year, and accounted for 93.54% of the passenger revenue. The passenger traffic volume was 106,605.49 million passenger-kilometres, representing an increase of 10.81% from last year. The passenger revenue of international routes amounted to RMB3,198 million, representing a decrease of 62.23% from last year, and accounted for 5.91% of the passenger revenue. The passenger traffic volume was 1,788.51 million passenger-kilometres, representing a decrease of 83.14% from last year. The passenger revenue of regional routes amounted to RMB296 million, representing a decrease of 26.91% from last year, and accounted for 0.55% of the passenger revenue. The passenger traffic volume was million passenger-kilometres, representing a decrease of 10.55% from last year. In 2021, the Group’s cargo traffic revenue amounted to RMB8,309 million, representing an increase of 69.74% from last year, and accounted for 13.31% of the Group’s traffic revenue. The cargo and mail traffic volume was 3,393.40 million tonne-kilometres, representing an increase of 54.24% from last year. In 2021, the Group’s other revenue amounted to RMB4,713 million, representing an increase of 2.08% from last year. Operating Expenses In 2021, the Group’s total operating expenses was RMB86,724 million, representing an increase of 10.81% from last year. As passenger travel demand has rebounded, the Group has actively adjusted flight capacity. As flight capacity has increased, various costs have increased accordingly. Analysis of the changes in the Group’s operating cost items is set out as follows: Aircraft fuel costs accounted for one of the most substantial part of the Group’s operating expenses. In 2021, the Group’s aircraft fuel cost was RMB20,593 million, representing an increase of 48.79% from last year, and was mainly due to the average price of fuel increased by 34.38% from last year and the aircraft fuel costs increased by RMB5,417 million from last year. The Group’s fuel consumption increased by 13.84% from last year, leading to an increase in aircraft fuel costs by RMB1,916 million from last year. Through the aircraft fuel hedging transactions, the Group reduced aircraft fuel costs by RMB580 million. In 2021, the Group’s take-off and landing fees amounted to RMB10,251 million, representing an increase of 9.86% from last year, and was primarily due to the increase in the number of take-off and landing as a result of the increase in flight capacity of the Group based on passenger travel needs. In 2021, the Group’s depreciation and amortisation amounted to RMB22,718 million, representing an increase of 2.08% from last year, and was primarily due to the growth in the size of the Group’s assets. In 2021, the Group’s wages, salaries and benefits amounted to RMB21,061 million, representing an increase of 1.12% from last year, and was primarily due to the increase in flight capacity of the Group, leading to the increase in remuneration of aircrew and ground crew. In 2021, the Group’s aircraft maintenance expenses amounted to RMB3,783 million, representing an increase of 9.62% from last year, and was primarily due to the increase in flight capacity of the Group, leading to the increase in aircraft and engine daily maintenance expenses. In 2021, the Group’s catering supply expenses amounted to RMB1,655 million, representing an increase of 4.15% from last year, and was primarily due to the increase in the number of traffic volume of passengers. In 2021, the Group’s sales and marketing expenses amounted to RMB1,128 million, representing a decrease of 28.15% from last year, and was primarily due to the decrease in online ticket reservation fee and the change in the structure of passengers. In 2021, the Group’s ground service and other expenses amounted to RMB532 million, representing a decrease of 38.99% from last year, and was primarily due to the decrease in the number of non-airline transportation operations of the Group. In 2021, the Group’s indirect operating expenses amounted to RMB3,707 million, representing a decrease of 5.67% from last year, and was primarily due to the cost reduction and enhanced efficiency of the Group, which lowered related expenses. In 2021, the Group’s contribution to the civil aviation development fund of the CAAC amounted to RMB852 million. There were no such expenses in 2020 due to the cancellation of collection of such funds by the CAAC in 2020. In 2021, the Group’s other operating income amounted to RMB6,079 million, representing an increase of 6.69% from last year, and was primarily due to the increase in the revenue from disposal of assets. In 2021, the Group’s finance income amounted to RMB1,958 million, representing a decrease of RMB702 million from last year, and was primarily due to a decrease in exchange gains compared with 2020. The Group’s finance costs amounted to RMB5,812 million, representing an increase of RMB599 million from last year, and was primarily due to the increase in the interest on borrowings. In 2021, net loss attributable to equity holders of the Company amounted to RMB12,214 million and in 2020, net loss attributable to equity holders of the Company amounted to RMB11,836 million. In 2021, the loss per share attributable to equity holders of the Company was RMB0.73. Liquidity and Capital Structure As at 31 December 2021, the Group had total assets of RMB288,790 million, representing an increase of 1.45% from 31 December 2020. Its debt ratio was 80.21%, representing a 0.99 percentage points increase from 31 December 2020. In particular, the Group’s total current assets amounted to RMB27,910 million, which accounted for 9.66% of the total assets and represented an increase of 24.06% from 31 December 2020. The Group’s non-current assets amounted to RMB260,880 million, which accounted for 90.34% of the total assets and represented a decrease of 0.49% from 31 December 2020. As at 31 December 2021, the Group had total liabilities of million, comprising current liabilities of RMB85,891 million which accounted for 37.08% of total liabilities, and non-current liabilities of RMB145,747 million which accounted for 62.92% of total liabilities. Among the current liabilities, interest-bearing liabilities (short-term bank borrowings, super short-term debentures, long-term bank borrowings due within one year, bonds due and payable within one year and lease liabilities due within one year) amounted to RMB60,314 million, representing a decrease of 15.32% from 31 December 2020. Among the non-current liabilities, interest-bearing liabilities (long-term bank borrowings, bonds payable and lease liabilities) amounted to RMB133,451 million, representing an increase of 18.16% from 31 December 2020. The increase in interest-bearing liabilities was mainly due to the increase in financing scale of the Group in response to the impact of the COVID-19 and to ensure liquidity security. As at 31 December 2021, the Group’s interest-bearing liabilities included long-term and short-term bank borrowings, bonds payable and super short-term debentures equivalent to RMB95,089 million, representing an increase of 8.16% from RMB87,917 million as at 31 December 2020. The breakdown by currencies is as follows: Movement (%) In 2021, in order to deal with exchange rate fluctuations, the Group actively optimised the currency structure of the Group’s liabilities and reduced exchange rate risks. As at 31 December 2021, the breakdown of the Group’s interest-bearing obligations by currencies is as follows: As at 31 December 2021 As at 31 December 2020 Percentage Percentage Movement As at 31 December 2021, the Group’s lease liabilities under its interest-bearing liabilities equivalent to RMB98,676 million, representing an increase of 2.52% from RMB96,251 million as at 31 December 2020. The breakdown by currencies is as follows: Movement (%) Interest Rate Fluctuation The Group’s total interest-bearing liabilities (including long-term and short-term bank borrowings, lease liabilities, bonds payable and super short-term debentures) as at 31 December 2021 and 31 December 2020 were equivalent to RMB193,765 million and RMB184,168 million, respectively, of which short-term liabilities accounted for 31.13% and 38.68%, respectively. Most of the long-term interest-bearing liabilities are floating-rate liabilities. Both the short-term interest-bearing liabilities and long-term interest-bearing liabilities were affected by fluctuations in current market interest rates. The Group’s interest-bearing liabilities were primarily denominated in USD and RMB. As at 31 December 2021 and 31 December 2020, the Group’s interest-bearing liabilities denominated in USD accounted for 15.78% and 19.90% of total interest-bearing liabilities, respectively, while interest-bearing liabilities denominated in RMB accounted for 80.99% and 74.28% of total interest-bearing liabilities, respectively. Fluctuations in the USD and RMB interest rates have and will continue to have significant impact on the Group’s finance costs. The Group reduces the risk of floating interest rates in USD liabilities through interest rate swap contracts. As at 31 December 2021, the outstanding interest rate swap contracts held by the Group amounted to a notional amount of approximately USD495 million, which will expire between 2022 and 2025. As at 31 December 2020, such amount was USD690 million. Exchange Rate Fluctuation As at 31 December 2021, the Group’s total interest-bearing liabilities denominated in foreign currencies amounted to million, of which interest-bearing liabilities denominated in USD accounted for 83.02% of the liabilities. Therefore, a significant fluctuation in exchange rates will subject the Group to significant foreign exchange gains or losses arising from the exchange of foreign currency denominated liabilities, which affects the profitability and development of the Group. The Group typically uses forward foreign currency contracts to reduce the foreign exchange risks for capital expenditures paid in foreign currencies. In 2021, the Group did not carry out exchange rate hedging transactions. As at 31 December 2021, the Group had no outstanding forward foreign currency contracts. Fluctuation of Jet Fuel Prices In 2021, the Group used jet fuel forward contracts to deal with the cash flow risks arising from fluctuation of jet fuel prices. The jet fuel forward contracts entered into by the Group are mainly based on the purchase of jet fuel at a fixed transaction price, which is a cash flow hedge. In 2021, the Group has liquidated the jet fuel forward contract, reducing the jet fuel cost by RMB580 million. As at 31 December 2021, the Group had no outstanding jet fuel forward contracts, which amounted to approximately USD252 million as at 31 December 2020. Pledges on Assets and Contingent Liabilities As at 31 December 2021, the value of the Group’s assets used to secure certain bank loans was RMB31,958 million, and as at 31 December 2020, the value of the Group’s assets used to secure certain bank loans was RMB26,149 million, representing a year-on-year increase of 22.21%. As at 31 December 2021, the Group had no significant contingent liabilities. According to the agreements that have been entered into in relation to aircraft and engines, as at 31 December 2021, the Group expected its capital expenditures on aircraft and engines for the next three years to be approximately RMB24,900 million in total, including the expected capital expenditure between 2022 and 2024 being approximately RMB9,500 million, 8,000 million and 7,400 million. The Group’s capital needs may change due to factors such as newly signed contracts for the purchase of aircraft, engines and other flight equipment, variations to existing contracts and changes in the price index. Introduction of Aircraft and Related Equipment and Fund distribution for introduction of aircraft and related In 2021, the Group met the needs for the introduction of aircraft and related equipment through operating income, existing bank credit facilities, bank loans, leasing arrangements and other external financing methods. The Group introduced 27 aircraft through methods like self-purchase, finance lease and operating lease. Capital expenditure plan of aircraft and related According to the agreements that have been entered into in relation to aircraft and engines, as at 31 December 2021, the Group expected its capital expenditures for the coming three years on aircraft and engines to be approximately RMB24,900 million in total, including the expected capital expenditure of approximately RMB9,500 million, RMB8,000 million and RMB7,400 million for each year from 2022 to 2024, respectively. The capital requirements of the Group may vary due to factors such as entering into new purchase contracts for aircraft, engines and other flight equipment, variations to the original contracts and changes in price index. The maintenance policy, expenses and depreciation In 2021, the repair cost of aircraft of the Group was RMB3,783 million and depreciation cost of aircraft, engines and rotable components was RMB19,091 million. The Company has not recorded any material asset impairment during the year. The specific amount of asset impairment has been listed in note 9 to the audited consolidated financial statements. As at 31 December 2021, the overseas assets of the Group amounted to RMB95 million, representing 0.03% of the total assets. Stock Initial investment Shareholdings (share) Closing book value at the end of the Reporting Period Percentage of total investment at the end of the Reporting Period (%) Profit and loss during the Reporting Period TravelSky Other securities investments held Profit and loss on securities investments sold Unit: RMB’000 Name of Initial amount of Number of shares held (shares) Percentage of equity in the Carrying amount at the end of the Reporting Profit or loss during the Reporting Changes in owner’s equity during the Reporting Accounting Source of Eastern Air Group Finance Long-term equity Unit: RMB’000 Balance at the beginning Impact on the Profit Financial assets held Investment in other equity Registered capital (RMB 100 million) Gearing ratio In 2021, Eastern Air Jiangsu recorded revenue of RMB5,157 million, representing a 13.34% increase from last year. Its net profit amounted to RMB-1,635 million, as compared to RMB-1,163 million in the same period last year. Passenger traffic volume was 11,521.25 million passenger-kilometres, representing a 4.18% increase from last year. Number of passengers carried was 8,269,900, representing a 3.46% increase from last year. As of the end of 2021, Eastern Air Jiangsu operated a total of 72 A320 series aircraft. In 2021, Eastern Air Wuhan recorded revenue of RMB2,813 million, representing a 70.48% increase from last year. Its net profit amounted to RMB-318 million, as compared to RMB-517 million in the same period last year. Passenger traffic volume was 5,425.33 million passenger-kilometres, representing a 57.62% increase from last year. Number of passengers carried was 4,963,000, representing a 55.02% increase from last year. As of the end of 2021, Eastern Air Wuhan operated a total of 32 B737 series aircraft. In Eastern Air Yunnan recorded revenue of million, representing a increase from last year. Its net profit amounted to million, as compared to million in the same period last year. Passenger traffic volume was 12,382.58 million passenger-kilometres, representing a 3.66% increase from last year. Number of passengers carried was 9,863,600, representing a 3.22% increase from last year. As of the end of 2021, Eastern Air Yunnan operated 82 B787-9 and B737 series aircraft in aggregate. In Shanghai Airlines recorded revenue of RMB6,513 million, representing a 12.33% increase from last year. Its net profit amounted to million, as compared to RMB-2,063 million in the same period last year. Passenger traffic volume was 11,495.36 million passenger-kilometres, representing a decrease from last year. Number of passengers carried was 8,275,300, representing a 0.46% decrease from last year. As of the end of 2021, Shanghai Airlines operated 94 B787-9, A330 series and B737 series aircraft in aggregate. In 2021, China United Airlines recorded revenue of RMB3,514 million, representing a 30.39% increase from last year. Its net profit amounted to RMB-956 million, as compared to RMB-393 million in the same period last year. Passenger traffic volume was 8,691.98 million passenger-kilometres, representing a 28.74% increase from last year. Number of passengers carried was 6,294,600, representing a 21.05% increase from last year. As of the end of 2021, China United Airlines operated a total of 55 B737 series aircraft. The maiden trip of ARJ21 aircraft of OTT Airlines was conducted on 28 December 2020. In 2021, OTT Airlines recorded revenue of RMB206 million. Its net profit amounted to RMB-250 million. Passenger traffic volume was million passenger-kilometres. Number of passengers carried was 162,900. As of the end of 2021, OTT Airlines operated a total of 7 ARJ21 series aircraft. In 2021, as affected by COVID-19 and related policies, the Group focused on the development of domestic routes, and launched new domestic routes such as Wuhan to Urumqi, Shanghai to Anshun, Chengdu Tianfu to Haikou, and increased the frequency of flights from Beijing to Guangzhou, Beijing to Chengdu, Beijing to Hangzhou, Shanghai to Xi’an, Chengdu to Wuhan, etc. In the future, the Group will strengthen the analysis and judgment of market demand and carefully assess the timing for launch of new routes based on the situation of COVID-19 and the requirements of relevant policies. As at 31 December 2021, the Group had 80,321 employees, the majority of whom were located in the PRC. The wages of the Group’s employees generally consisted of basic salaries and performance bonuses. The Group was not involved in any major labour disputes with its employees, nor did it experience any significant turnover of employees or encounter any significant difficulties in recruiting new employees. Number of retired staff whose expenses Number of Maintenance personnel Total In 2021, the Group has 13 captains less and engaged 477 new deputy pilots. The annual average flight hours of captains were 647 hours and the annual average flight hours of deputy pilots were 544 hours. In order to cater for the demand for the Group’s strategic development, the Group improved the structure of its remuneration distribution system, optimised the protection and motivation effect of remuneration, and reasonably protected the legitimate rights of the employees and the Group. According to the Labour Contract Law of the PRC and the relevant laws and regulations, the Group has established the work position and remuneration system, namely the ground crew work position and remuneration system and aircrew work position and remuneration system. The remuneration of ground crew is composed of basic salary, wage for seniority, position-points salary, performance bonuses, allowances and benefits. The remuneration of aircrew is composed of basic salary, flight hour fees, flight benefits and other incentives. Focusing on strategic goals and strategic processes, the Group has formulated talent training plans based on the modern development needs of CEA’s governance system and governance capabilities, improved the multi-tier and multi-form talent training mechanism, and strived to build various platforms for the growth of employees and advocated and encouraged employees to grow on their work position to realise the improvement of work ability and self-worth. As affected by COVID-19, the Group adjusted its training programme in a timely manner, developed online training methods, and provided various types of trainings for employees at all levels. The Group has continued to provide special trainings for middle and senior management personnel and training for young management personnel. The courses cover safety management, compliance management, leadership training and innovative thinking training to enhance the international vision and comprehensive capabilities of management personnel. In order to meet the needs for the Group’s route network deployment, global route network and international development, the Group has successively introduced advanced fuel-efficient models including A320NEO, A350- 900 and B787-9 in recent years, and carried out a full range of trainings for flight, cabin, ground and maintenance personnel to ensure the safe operation of the new models. The Group has continuously optimised and improved flight, marketing and machine maintenance related training, enhanced the pertinence of on-the-job training, and strengthened the effectiveness of training. The Group has also organised regular vocational skill competitions for pilots and maintenance personnel to further enhance the core job skills of employees. The Group paid attention to the establishment of talent team. The Group has opened up the channels for talent growth, accomplishments and success, implemented market-based compensation, established and improved the reserve talent echelon training system with the “Swallow, Wing, Fly, Eagle” programme as the focus. The Group continued to expand the scientific research team and improve the incentive and restraint mechanism, with an aim to accelerate the introduction and training of high-end scientific research talents. The Group has promoted the construction of the online learning platform “CEA Easy Learning”, and provided employees at different positions with trainings in respect of flight, crew, air support, ground services, leadership development, sales and safety management. The Group conducted researches based on the needs of each department unit to continuously optimise and improve the online training system, enhance the stability of the system, and realise precise and personalized course scheduling. 