a decrease of 3.1 percentage Net profit attributable to the shareholders of Basic earnings per share attributable to the shareholders of the parent company (before deducting other equity instrument indicators) RMB0.27 RMB0.27 Equity attributable to the shareholders Debt ratio (total liabilities to total assets) (%) 1.0 percentage Details of the Company’s Principal Business, Business Model and Cement and ready-mixed concrete business: The Company is the third largest cement industrial group in China with strong scale advantage and market dominance within the region, and is the leader of low-carbon, green and environmentally-friendly development, energy saving and emission reduction, and circular economy in the cement industry in China. The cement business continued to adopt Beijing, Tianjin and Hebei as its core strategic region, and continued to expand the coverage of its network, mainly with presence in 13 provinces (municipalities and autonomous regions), including Beijing, Tianjin and Hebei Province, Shaanxi, Shanxi, Inner Mongolia, Northeastern region, Chongqing, Shandong, Henan and Hunan. The production capacity of clinker amounted to approximately 120.0 million tonnes; the production capacity of cement amounted to approximately 170.0 million tonnes. With cement as its core product, the Company formulates a complete building materials industry chain with upstream and downstream support, extends to related products and services through an internal synergetic mechanism. Currently, the production capacity of ready-mixed concrete amounted to approximately 54.0 million cubic meters while the production capacity of aggregates and grinding aids and admixtures amounted to approximately 49.0 million tonnes and approximately 0.24 million tonnes, respectively. Its annual capacity for disposal of hazardous wastes and solid wastes was nearly 4.68 million tonnes (including construction waste). The Company will insist to promote market expansion and strategic resources consolidation simultaneously and has had a total of about 1,664 million tonnes of limestone reserve in Beijing, Tianjin and Hebei. Modern building materials and commerce and logistics business: The Company is one of the largest industrialization groups in the green modern building materials industry in China, and is a leader in the modern building materials industry in the Beijing-Tianjin-Hebei region. Guided by scientific and technological innovation, the Company has created a BBMG intelligent housing system including five integrated products composed of prefabricated concrete building, prefabricated steel structure building, prefabricated exterior wall, industrial interior and ultra-low energy consumption building, forming a coordinated development pattern of the whole industry chain. The Company’s products are widely used in key projects of the state and the Beijing- Tianjin-Hebei region. The Company is the main supplier of green building materials in the construction of Beijing Olympic venues, a strategic cooperative building material guarantee supplier for the engineer construction of Beijing’s sub-town centre, and an important product and service provider for the construction of the Xiong’an New Area. The Company’s equipment business has the whole industrial chain service capability of cement production line from process design, equipment design and manufacturing, construction and installation, production and commissioning to supply and maintenance services of spare parts, and production and operation. For the trade logistics industry, under the premise of controllable risks, the Company will improve the supply chain network configuration and asset layout, and continue to improve and strengthen the international trade and building materials and commerce and logistics business. Property development segment business: The Company has been committed to property development and construction for over 30 years with a comprehensive development strength covering property projects of multiple categories. It ranked in the forefront of the industry in terms of comprehensive strength and has received various honors such as Top 100 China Real Estate Enterprises for consecutive years. It has obtained AAA credit rating for its quality credit and has great influence and brand awareness across the industry. The Company developed approximately 170 property projects with a total gross floor area over 30.0 million sq.m. and a total asset amount of RMB150 billion. The overall strength with an area under construction reached over 8 million sq.m. during the year. The annual sales revenue was RMB50 billion. As of the end of 2021, the Company has made its presence in 16 cities including Beijing, Shanghai, Tianjin, Chongqing, Hangzhou, Nanjing, Chengdu, Hefei, Qingdao, Tangshan, Haikou and Changzhou, developing a nationwide business presence “from Beijing to three major economic rims, namely Beijing-Tianjin-Hebei region, Yangtze River Delta and Chengdu-Chongqing region”. Property investment and management business: The Company is one of the largest investors and managers of investment properties in Beijing with the most diversified businesses, holding nearly 1.75 million sq.m. of investment properties such as high-end office buildings, commercial and industrial parks in Beijing and Tianjin, of which 1.10 million sq.m. are high-end investment properties in core areas in Beijing and managing approximately 16.0 million sq.m. of properties inside and outside Beijing (including residential communities and commercial units at low floors). Its professional capabilities, brand awareness, occupancy rate and revenue have led the industry in Beijing even the country for years. In 2021, the main macro data was generally in a reasonable range. However, the growth rate of fixed asset investment, real estate investment, and infrastructure investment slowed down. According to the 2021 Statistical Communique on the National Economic and Social Development of the People’s Republic of China published by the National Bureau of Statistics, in 2021, fixed-asset investments in China (excluding agricultural households) reached RMB55,288.4 billion, representing a year-on-year growth of 4.9%. Among them, infrastructure investment increased by 0.4% and investment in real estate development increased by 4.4%. From both the supply and demand side of cement, China’s cement demand, production and sales volume were in a downward trajectory in 2021. According to the National Bureau of Statistics of China, the national cement production was 2.38 billion tonnes in 2020, representing a year-on-year decrease of 0.4%. The price level increased overall, hitting a historical high. Throughout the year, although the overall profit level of the cement industry weakened year-on-year, the industry remained resilient, and the industry profit was still at a historically good level. In 2021, the central government reiterated in important meetings that the positioning of “houses are for living in, not for speculative investment” would remain unchanged. In the first half of the year, as the regulatory policies on the real estate industry continued to take effect and the mortgage loan quota was tightened, both the sales market and the land market cooled down significantly, which, coupled with the exposure of risk problem of certain housing companies, further dampened market confidence. Since the end of September, the central government and various ministries and commissions have frequently released signals of stabilizing the real estate market, the bottom line of regulatory policies on the real estate industry have gradually emerged, and the housing mortgage policies have continuously released positive signals. The central government continued to boost the improvement of the real estate financial environment. Under the premise of ensuring market stability and not changing the general direction of real estate financing policies, the central government actively provided policy support for real estate enterprises to promote the resolution of the currently prevalent liquidity risks of real estate enterprises. According to the data of the National Bureau of Statistics, in 2021, the investment in real estate development in China was RMB14,760.2 billion, representing an increase of 4.4% over last year, and a decrease in the growth rate of 2.6 percentage points over last year. Among them, the investment in residential properties was RMB11,117.3 billion, representing an increase of 6.4% over last year. Investment in residential properties accounted for 75.3% of aggregate investment in real estate development, representing an increase of 1.5 percentage points over last year. The construction sites for corporate use of real estate developers were 9,753.87 million sq.m., representing an increase of 5.2% over last year, among which, 6,903.19 million sq.m. were area of construction sites for residential properties, representing an increase of 5.3% over last year. The area of newly started construction of real estates was 1,988.95 million sq.m., representing a decrease of 11.4% over last year. Among them, the area of newly started construction of residential properties was 1,463.79 million sq.m., representing a decrease of 10.9% over last year. The area of completed real estate was 1,014.12 million sq.m., representing an increase of 11.2% over last year. Of this, area of completed residential properties was 730.16 million sq.m., representing an increase of 10.8% over last year. In 2021, land area acquired by real estate developers was 215.9 million sq.m., representing a decrease of 15.5% over last year. The transaction price of land was RMB1,775.6 billion, representing an increase of 2.8% over last year. Area of sold commodity housing was 1,794.33 million sq.m., representing an increase of 1.9% over last year and an increase of 4.6% over 2019, and a two-year average increase of 2.3%. Specifically, area of sold residential properties increased by 1.1% over last year, area of sold of office increased by 1.2% over last year and area of sold of properties for commercial operation decreased by 2.6% over last year. Sales of commodity housing amounted to RMB18,193.0 billion, representing an increase of 4.8% over last year, an increase of 13.9% over 2019, and a two-year average increase of 6.7%. Of this, sales of residential properties increased by 5.3% over last year, and sales of office and properties for commercial operation decreased by 6.9% and 2.0% over last year respectively. As at the end of 2021, area of commodity housing for sales was 510.23 million sq.m., representing an increase of 11.73 million sq.m. compared with the end of last year. Sales volume: Cement (in thousand tonnes) Concrete (in thousand cubic meters) Sales volume: Stone wool boards (in thousand tonnes) Booked GFA (in thousand sq.m.) Presales (sales) GFA (in thousand sq.m.) Total GFA of investment properties (in thousand sq.m.) In 2021, adhering to the general work principle of seeking progress while maintaining stability, the Group actively identified changes, adapted to changes, and pursued changes by taking a series of reform and innovation measures and promoting a series of key tasks. With stable and growing economic operations, the Group got off to a good start for the “14th Five-Year Plan”. During the Reporting Period, the Company recorded operating revenue of approximately RMB123,634.4 million, of which operating revenue from its principal business amounted to approximately RMB122,624.1 million, representing a year-on-year increase of approximately 14.2%; total profit amounted to approximately RMB7,880.5 million, representing a year-on-year increase of approximately 1.1%; net profit amounted to approximately RMB5,212.7 million, representing a year-on-year increase of approximately 1.1%; and net profit attributable to the shareholders of the parent company amounted to approximately RMB2,933.0 million, representing a year-on-year increase of approximately 3.1%. The cement business effectively overcame the challenges from a multitude of unfavorable factors such as the sharp rise in energy prices by actively pursuing strategic vantages, further strengthening market strategic layout through ways such as M&A and cooperation and giving full play to its synergy and regional leadership. It reduced costs and increased efficiency through measures such as internal potential exploitation, capacity replacement and lean management, energy saving and consumption reduction. It also promoted the integration of the industrial Internet and cement manufacturing to increase development vitality. The concrete business strengthened process management and control of marketing business, consolidated market expansion, promoted strategic cooperation, controlled and reduced costs in an all-round way, and improved operational quality. The cement and ready-mixed concrete segment recorded operating revenue from its principal business of approximately RMB43,190.0 million during the Reporting Period, representing a year-on-year increase of approximately 2.6%. Gross profit from its principal business amounted to approximately RMB10,621.9 million, representing a year-on-year decrease of approximately 14.7%. The aggregate sales volume of cement and clinker reached approximately 99.72 million tonnes (excluding joint ventures and associates), representing a year-on-year decrease of approximately 7.1%, among which the sales volume of cement and clinker were approximately 89.89 million tonnes and approximately 9.83 million tonnes, respectively. The aggregate gross profit margin for cement and clinker was approximately 26.8%, representing a year-on-year decrease of approximately 4.5 percentage points. The sales volume of concrete totalled approximately 15.28 million cubic meters, representing a year-on-year decrease of approximately 5.4%, while the gross profit margin for concrete was approximately 10.6%, representing a year-on-year decrease of approximately 2.4 percentage points. The modern building materials business reduced and controlled costs, increased market development efforts, boosted sales of products in peak seasons, and increased the structural proportion of high value-added products in total sales revenue. The Company built a platform for collaboration on scientific and technological innovation, promoted the implementation of digital and intelligent construction by subsidiaries, and provided high-quality green building materials products and services for the construction of major engineering and key projects such as the construction of National Xiong’an New Area and the Beijing Winter Olympics. The trading business adhered to steady operation and keeping risks under control. It strengthened strategic cooperation with leading energy and mining enterprises in the world, providing strong support for the overall development of the Group. During the Reporting Period, the modern building materials and commerce and logistics segment recorded operating revenue from its principal business of approximately RMB38,908.3 million, representing a year-on-year increase of approximately 18.1%, while the gross profit from its principal business amounted to approximately RMB1,420.0 million, representing a year-on-year increase of approximately 69.7%. The property development business continued to improve product capability and operational efficiency of our projects. It adhered to the approach of quick launch, quick sale and quick payment collection, and intensified efforts to de-stock. It dispersed development risks, and ensured project quality, development progress and house delivery. It adhered to the policy guidance, actively promoted coordination and use of self-own land resources in various regions, aligned with urban renewal and sped up implementation of shanty town and decrepit community renovation projects. In 2021, the Company optimized layout and entered a new city while deeply expanding its presence in the cities it has entered. Throughout the year, it obtained 9 land development rights in total, providing strong support for the sustainable development of the property segment. Major Land Reserve Acquired by the Group in 2021 No. Name of projects (parcel of land) Land area of the Planned plot ratio Method of Date of acquisition (year-month- day) Percentage (sq.m.) (sq.m.) million) Land parcel C2-5-1#/2# at the East of the central area of Ningbo City, Residential, retail business, Jin Bei Chen Xin (Gua) 2021-013 Beichen District, Urban residential, commercial, scientific Land parcel at the East Side of Yueji Road and the North Side of Zonglv Road, Zhonglou District, Changzhou City Chagnzhou City, Commercial and residential (focus on residence with the compatibility of commerce) Land parcel at the North of Hanhou Road and the West of Yulin Road, Moling Street, Jiangning District, Nanjing City (NO.2021G88) Nanjing City, Land parcel at the South of Hengjing Road and the West of Jingshisan Road, Qixia District, Nanjing City (NO.2021G79) Nanjing City, Equity interest 2021-09-27 Land parcel at Pengbu Unit R21-31, Shangcheng District, Hangzhou City (Hang Zheng Chu Chu No. [2021]28) ( Hangzhou City, No. Name of projects (parcel of land) Land area of the Planned plot ratio Method of Date of acquisition (year-month- day) Percentage (sq.m.) (sq.m.) million) R2 class 2 residential land, land parcel 1303-693 of a primary land development project at Chaoyang Port Phase 1, Shibalidian, Chaoyang District, Chaoyang District, F81 green belt industrial land of land parcel PF-04 and R2 class 2 residential land (tie-in construction of “affordable rental housing”), land parcel PF-05 of a primary land development project at Pingfang Village, Beiqijia Town, Changping District, Land used for residence and Plot at the South of Fanwa Road and the West of Shegang Road, Shushan District, Hefei City (No. Hefei City, Anhui Residential, kindergarten, Major Land Reserve Acquired by the Group in 2021 (continued) The Table of Land Reserve of the Group as at 31 December No. Land Reserve Area (thousand sq.m.) Percentage of the Pingfang Village, Beiqijia Town, Changping Nanjing-Plot G88 Tianjin-Beichen Plot No. 2021-013 Shanghai-Plot R-09 at Yangpu Jiangpu Community of Yangpu District, Nanjing– Zijindieyuan G07 North of Xinhuadong Road, Lubei District, No. Land Reserve Area (thousand sq.m.) Percentage of the Xingang Avenue, Caofeidian New City, Chaoyang Port, Shibalidian, Chaoyang District, Nanjing-Zijing Yunzhu G20 Ningbo-High-tech District GX03- Hefei-S1802 No. Beijing-Jinlinjiayuan ( ) Beijing-Anning Zhuang (Dongtao) East of Jiancaichengzhong Road, Xisanqi, The Table of Land Reserve of the Group as at 31 December 2021 (continued) During the Reporting Period, the property development segment recorded revenue from its principal business of approximately RMB39,730.0 million, representing a year-on-year increase of approximately 26.9%, and the gross profit from its principal business was approximately RMB5,129.7 million, representing a year-on-year increase of approximately 14.1%. The booked GFA was approximately 1,833,600 sq.m. for the year, representing a year-on-year increase of approximately 20.7%, among which booked GFA of commodity housing amounted to approximately 1,729,900 sq.m., representing a year-on-year increase of approximately 42.3%, while booked GFA of policy-oriented housing amounted to approximately 103,700 sq.m., representing a year-on-year decrease of approximately 65.8%. The aggregated contracted sales amount of the Company for the year was approximately RMB37,297 million, representing a year-on-year decrease of approximately 28.6%, among which aggregated contracted sales amount of commodity housing amounted to approximately RMB36,311 million, representing a year-on-year decrease of approximately 13.8%, and the aggregated contracted sales amount of policy-oriented housing amounted to approximately RMB986 million, representing a year-on-year decrease of approximately 90.2%. The aggregated contracted sales area of the Company for the year was approximately 1,478,400 sq.m., representing a year-on-year decrease of approximately 24.0%, among which aggregated contracted sales area of commodity housing amounted to approximately 1,457,400 sq.m., representing a year-on-year decrease of approximately 14.5%, and the aggregated contracted sales area of policy-oriented housing amounted to approximately 21,000 sq.m., representing a year-on-year decrease of approximately 91.3%. As at the end of the Reporting Period, the Company had a land reserve totaling approximately 6,967,600 sq.m. It strove to improve operational capacity, thereby securing new leases and renewal of the office building and achieving steady improvement in operational efficiency of hotels, commercial properties and parks. It built a professional commercial operation team to enhance the operational capabilities of commercial properties, developed internal and external markets, and enhanced the management capabilities of high-end residential properties and its brand image. As the reception hotel for the Winter Olympics, Badaling Hot Spring Resort provided accommodation and catering services for various events of the Winter Olympics. During the Reporting Period, the property investment and management segment recorded operating revenue from its principal business of approximately RMB4,519.9 million, representing a year-on-year decrease of approximately 5.4%, and gross profit from its principal business was approximately RMB2,473.0 million, representing a year-on-year decrease of approximately 1.7%. As at the end of the Reporting Period, the Company held approximately 1,746,800 sq.m. of investment properties such as high-end office buildings, commercial and industrial parks (excluding construction in progress and decoration and renovation projects), with a consolidated average rental rate of approximately 81% and a consolidated average rental unit price of approximately RMB4.9/sq.m./day. The high-end investment properties held in core areas in Beijing totaled 1,096,000 sq.m., with a consolidated average rental rate of approximately 79% and a consolidated average rental unit price of approximately RMB7/sq.m./day. Rental Operations of the Major Investment Properties of the Group as at 31 December 2021 Rental unit Average occupancy Unit fair Expiration of the land use right (thousand sq.m.) (RMB million) (RMB/sq.m./day) (Note 1) (RMB/sq.m.) (Year) Phase 1 of Global North Third Ring Road, No. 36, North Third Ring East Road, Dongcheng District, Phase 2 of Global North Third Ring Road, No. 36, North Third Ring East Road, Dongcheng Phase 3 of Global North Third Ring Road, No. 36, North Third Ring East Road, Dongcheng West Second Ring Road, No. 169, Xizhimenwai Street, West Second Ring Road, No. 129, Xuanwumen West Street, Xicheng District, Building Materials Trading Tower, East Second Ring Road, No. 14, Dongtucheng Road, Notes 2, 3 East Second Ring Road, No. 127, Xuanwumen West Street, Xicheng District, Huan Bohai Golden Shore Hexi District, No. 473, Jiefang South Road, Pangu Plaza Building 5 North Fourth Ring Road, No. 27 Courtyard, North Fourth Ring Middle Road, Chaoyang Note 2 Phase 1 of Logistics Park South Sixth Ring Road, No. 3 Courtyard, Qingxiang North Road, Daxing District, Phase 1 of Intelligent Manufacturing North Fifth Ring No. 27, Jiancaicheng Middle Note 1: The Group leased its investment properties under operating lease arrangements, with most of the leases which were negotiated for terms ranging from 1 to 19 years. Note 2: The land use certificate of relevant investment properties did not specify the term for the use of the land. Note 3: The terms for the use of the land for the commercial and catering portion and the underground parking lot of Jianda Building shall expire in 2033 and 2043 respectively. Analysis of Business, Assets, Liabilities and Cash Flows for the Revenue from principal Cost of sales from principal Gross profit margin from principal Increase or decrease in revenue from principal business compared with Increase or decrease in cost of sales from principal business compared with Increase or decrease in gross profit margin from principal business compared with Cement and Ready-mixed Decrease of 5.0 Modern Building Materials and Commerce and Increase of 1.1 Decrease of 1.4 Property Investment and Increase of 2.1 (3,724.1) (3,440.2) Decrease of 3.1 The Group uses the fair value model for subsequent measurement of its investment properties. Fair value changes are included in “Gains from changes in fair value” in the income statement. Reasons for the adoption of the fair value model as the accounting policy for subsequent measurement by the Group are as follows: The investment properties are located in places where the property markets are active. The Group’s current investment properties, most of which are commercial properties at developed commercial districts, are primarily located at core districts such as Beijing and Tianjin where the property markets are relatively active. The Group is able to obtain market price and other related information of properties of the same category or similar nature. It is practicable for the Group to adopt the fair value model for subsequent measurement of the investment properties. The Group is able to obtain market price and other related information of properties of the same category or similar nature from the property markets, by which the Group makes a reasonable estimation of the fair value of its investment properties. The Group has engaged a valuer with relevant qualifications to make valuation on the fair value of the investment properties of the Group using the income approach and market approach. The result of such valuation is used as the fair value of the investment properties of the Group. Key assumptions and major uncertain factors adopted by the Group for the estimation of the fair value of the investment properties of the Group mainly include: assuming the investment properties are traded in the open market and will continue to be used for their existing purposes; there will be no significant changes in the macro-economic policies of the PRC and the social and economic environment, tax policies, credit interest rates and foreign exchange rates in the places where the investment properties are located; and there is no other force majeure and unforeseeable factor that may have a material impact on the Group’s operation. During the Reporting Period, the gains arising from changes in fair value of investment properties of the Group increased by approximately RMB126.4 million year-on-year to RMB652.1 million, accounting for 8.3% of the profits before tax. The change was mainly due to a year-on-year increase in the appreciation of investment properties. Changes on items in the income statement and expenses during the Selling expenses were approximately RMB2,659.0 million, representing an increase of approximately RMB320.2 million or 13.7% year-on-year. Such increase was mainly due to the increase in the profit recognized from the property development segment and transferring of the sales commission to selling expenses in line with the transferring out of revenue during the Reporting Period. Administrative expenses were approximately RMB6,842.3 million, representing an increase of approximately RMB501.9 million or 7.9% year-on-year. Such increase was mainly due to the social insurance reduction and exemption policy of last year and a year-on-year increase in remuneration during the Reporting Period. Finance costs were approximately RMB2,371.7 million, representing a decrease of approximately RMB788.8 million or 25.0% year-on-year. Such decrease was mainly due to the decrease in the interest expenses as a result of the decrease in the borrowings during the Reporting Period as compare to the previous year. Gains on disposal of assets were approximately RMB73.9 million, as compared with loss of approximately RMB0.1 million for the same period of last year. The change was mainly due to the year-on-year increase in gains on disposal of assets during the Reporting Period. Non-operating revenue was approximately RMB1,103.4 million, representing a year- on-year increase of approximately RMB428.5 million or 63.5%. Such increase was was mainly due to a year-on-year increase in the compensation received during the Reporting Period. 31 December 31 December Percentage Receivables -55.0 A decrease of approximately 55.0% from the beginning of the Reporting Period, mainly due to the decrease in the collection of bills as a results of the strengthened efforts on the management of bills during the -34.0 A decrease of approximately 34.0% from the beginning of the Reporting Period, mainly due to the decrease in the land guarantee deposits prepaid during 318.4 An increase of approximately 318.4% from the beginning of the Reporting Period, mainly due to the increase in the construction projects completed but not yet recognized during the Reporting -37.3 A decrease of approximately 37.3% from the beginning of the Reporting Period, mainly due to the disposals of policy and bank related finance bonds during the 31 December 31 December Percentage Long-term equity 63.4 An increase of approximately 63.4% from the beginning of the Reporting Period, mainly due to the increase in the investments in joint ventures and associates Other non-current 58.1 An increase of approximately 58.1% from the beginning of the Reporting Period, mainly due to the increase in the prepayments for land premiums and exploration rights for mine during the 80.8 An increase of approximately 80.8% from the beginning of the Reporting Period, mainly due to the increase in settlements to suppliers using bills as a result of the expansion of the business Short-term financing 369.0 An increase of approximately 369.0% from the beginning of the Reporting Period, mainly due to the increase in the issuance of short-term financing bonds during 1,701.3 An increase of approximately 1,701.3% from the beginning of the Reporting Period, mainly due to the instalment payments of certain projects during the 31 December 31 December Percentage -39.0 A decrease of approximately 39.0% from the beginning of the Reporting Period, mainly due to resumption of the effort on mining management during the Other non-current -47.2 A decrease of approximately 47.2% from the beginning of the Reporting Period, mainly due to the maturity of the advance payments on rents received in prior years during the Reporting Other comprehensive 66.2 An increase of approximately 66.2% from the beginning of the Reporting Period, mainly due to the appreciation of fair value at the time when the properties transferred from self-occupied to leasing during the Reporting During the Reporting Period, a net decrease of approximately RMB6,903.9 million in cash and cash equivalents was recognized in consolidated financial statements of the Company. Such decrease was the combined effect of: (i) the net cash inflows generated from operating activities of approximately RMB13,733.9 million, representing a year-on-year decrease in net cash inflows of approximately RMB1,721.8 million; (ii) the net cash outflows generated from investment activities of approximately RMB6,403.1 million, representing a year-on-year increase in net cash outflows of approximately RMB3,838.2 million, which was mainly due to a year- on-year increase in the investment during the Reporting Period; (iii) the net cash outflows generated from financing activities of approximately RMB14,210.3 million, representing a year-on-year increase in net cash outflows of approximately RMB8,138.5 million, which was mainly due to a year-on-year increase in the repayment of interest-bearing liabilities by making full use of the surplus funds during the Reporting Period; and (iv) the exchange realignment of approximately RMB24.3 million. The Company is a leading building material enterprise of environmental protection, energy-saving and emission reduction and recycling development in Beijing-Tianjin-Hebei region, and contributes to the ecological civilization. During the Reporting Period, the Company demonstrated the value of state-owned enterprises in the capital by comprehensively implementing the 14th Five-Year plan, practicing the strategic concept of “four developments”, serving the construction of Beijing’s “four centers”, and improving the level of “four services” to build a world-class harmonious and livable city. The Company adhered to the two core businesses of “green building materials manufacturing, trading and services, and real estate”, continued to strengthen and expand “large building materials” and “large real estate”, and fostered and developed the high-end equipment manufacturing industry and new trade service industry. Combining connotative development with outward expansion, the Company managed effective integration of internal and external resources centering on industrial chain coordination, built a safe industrial chain supply chain and promoted comprehensive and synergistic industrial development. Based on the strategic positioning of the capital city, the Company took an active part in the urban renewal action of the capital. With the objective of “carbon neutrality and carbon emission peaking” and digital transformation, centering on the green, low-carbon and smart energy, the Company promoted the transformation and upgrading of manufacturing industry. The Company continues to deepen the results of major reforms such as strategic restructuring and internal integration, continues to optimize the strategic layout of Beijing-Tianjin-Hebei region, focuses on improving the connotation and effectiveness of restructuring, deeply explores the value of restructuring, highlights the value creation ability and corporate profitability, creates a model park for collaborative industrial development, consolidates the regional value highland, and transforms the advantages of resource aggregation formed by restructuring into market competitive advantages and sustainable development benefits. The 10,000-tonne “second-generation cement” demonstration line of Jidong Cement Tongchuan was put into operation, creating a new benchmark for the regional advanced manufacturing industry clusters and industrial green parks. The Company completed the construction of the assembly building (Tangshan Phase II), further enhancing the core business support of the BBMG intelligent house system. BBMG’s science and technology innovation complex and ecosystem accelerated the gathering of innovation elements and resources to release new driving force. For the high-quality construction and operation of the technology industrial parks, the Company has put the Phase I Xisanqi BBMG Technology Park into operation; the Company has established a science and innovation equity fund; the Company has built a BBMG Intelligent Park. The benchmark demonstration of BBMG Intelligent Factory accelerated the gathering of high-end industries and built a new ecosphere for park development. The construction of Xingfa Science and Technology was accelerated to build an important carrier and platform for scientific and technological innovation and basic research in Beijing. Phase I Glass Cultural and Creative Industrial Park was completed. Longshuncheng “Beijing Made” Museum was officially opened, becoming a new cultural landmark along Beijing’s South Central Axis and an “internet-famous site” of intangible cultural heritage at a national level. The Company accelerated the transformation of digital intelligence and its application in specific scenarios. The Company formulated the “carbon neutrality and carbon emission peaking” action plan to continuously enhance the green and low-carbon ecological connotation of the industry. The Company comprehensively served the construction of major projects such as the urban sub-center and the Winter Olympics, highlighting the supply assurance for high-quality products and services. The brand influence and industry leadership of BBMG, with new intelligent manufacturing, new quality and new ecology as industrial characteristics, was significantly enhanced. The development momentum continues to be enhanced and the foundation of development is continuously consolidated. The Company’s position as a leader in the building materials industry in the Beijing-Tianjin-Hebei region has become more stable, which further promotes the Company’s competitiveness, innovation, control, influence and risk resistance, and brings the 14th Five-Year plan off to a good start. The core competitiveness of the Company is detailed as follows: Competitive edge in coordinated development of industrial chain: The Company has the advantage of a vertical and fully integrated industrial chain: Each industry continues to form its own industrial chain with core competitiveness and industrial resilience to adapt to the new stage and new consumer needs. The Company accelerated horizontal integration of similar businesses and vertical integration of upstream and downstream of the industrial chain, promoted further diversification of synergy among industries with internal integration, and optimized the stock. The Company enhanced the advantages and competitive synergy of the industrial chain, continuously strengthened the overall synergistic development capability and level of the industrial chain through the domestic sales, chain-type, intensive and group coordinated development, and comprehensively enhanced the synergistic competitive advantage of the industrial chain. The Company promoted outward expansion with the integration of external market resources. The Company completed the merger and acquisition of Shanxi Daixian Hongwei Cement and Huarun Fulong. The Company increased 10-million- tonne production capacity for aggregates, and built a “highway to railway” green supply chain to establish a more complete and safer upstream and downstream industrial chain. The Company built a BBMG industrial ecology based on the core industrial chain, realized the supply chain services of the whole industrial chain, and accelerated the building of a modern industrial system. BBMG was empowered with digital intelligence, took industrial internet as an effective means to promote industrial digitalization process and accelerate the transformation of manufacturing industry to service-oriented manufacturing. The Company formed the layout of the whole industrial chain of design, manufacturing, trade, construction, operation and maintenance, and service, and manifested the unique value advantage of the whole industrial chain and the advantage of all-round core competitiveness. With cement, concrete and new materials as the core businesses for the “large building materials industry”, the Company built a whole industrial chain cluster of green building materials within the Group; deepened the coordinated development of the industry chain through cluster and park-based development; continuously built the leading position in the regional industry; integrated and developed the advantageous products of each industrial segment to maximize the value of resources. For cement, the Company strengthened the strategic reserve of resources, optimized the layout of advanced production capacity, expanded green supply chain management and realized the transformation and upgrading of the industrial chain and value chain. For concrete, following the principle of becoming the industry leader in the Beijing-Tianjin-Hebei region and starting business and becoming an excellent enterprise outside the Beijing-Tianjin-Hebei region, the Company became a “smart, green, ecological and safe” enterprise and cultivated the competitive edge in concrete business of BBMG characteristics. Xincai Group became the largest PC component supplier with the largest market share in the Beijing-Tianjin-Hebei region and the leader in the integration solution of BBMG intelligent house system, adapting to the development of new construction industrialization and establishing the main industrial support for assembly-type buildings. For the “large real estate industry” with real estate development and operation as the core businesses, the Company played the role of the industry leader and integrated resources in real estate development, and formed the business development and service capabilities in the whole chain of investment, development, operation and service. The Company enhanced the level of specialization of BBMG’s compound real estate with BBMG intelligent house system, green and low-carbon products and high-quality property management services, and became a first-class comprehensive urban space service enterprise and a first-class urban asset operation service provider. With the coordinated development of the large building materials business, the industry revitalized land resources to create high-quality products and services. The Company served urban renewal, built a large real estate model with the characteristics of “real estate + property + building materials”, and realized the organic integration of high-end property management, operation of science and technology innovation industrial parks and cultural and creative parks, science and innovation investment, human resource management. Relying on cement industry, high-end equipment manufacturing industry built the first brand of integrated service equipment manufacturing and system service provider. The trade service industry built modern green supply chain trade service, expanded offline and online integration and scenario-based new consumption of home furnishing and trade exhibition and trade; developed network freight transport, built smart logistics, built “highway to railway” green supply chain service hub to serve modern urban logistics system and urban consumption upgrade demand, and cultivated emerging industries of the Group. The property development industry drove the application of new green building materials, mainly cement, and the development of related industries such as design, decoration, property management, community services and asset operation in a market-oriented manner; the manufacturing of new green building materials and investment in property service industry constructed high-quality products of BBMG by giving full play to the advantages of brand, management and technology with systemization, industrialization, specialization and integration, led construction product innovation with green and low-carbon buildings, and enhanced the product, service and value enhancement capabilities of property development projects with advanced technologies such as green ultra-low energy consumption and assembly-type components. Leveraging on various resources accumulated by the new green building materials manufacturing industry in the implementation of the “going out” strategy, the property development industry strengthened regional advantages, deepened cultivation, expanded the development pipeline, strengthened land resource reserves in core cities, dug deeper into high-quality regional markets and optimized the core layout. The industry explored new models and refined BBMG’s solutions in the fields of old community renovation, technology and cultural innovation parks, cultural skills inheritance of intangible cultural heritage, and leisure and tourism resorts. Each main business supported and promoted each other, and the scale, synergy, integration and complementary advantages with the industrial chain as the core continued to be enhanced, promoting the formation of BBMG’s industrial ecology. Information sharing, complementary resources, and coordinated interaction between various business segments and upstream and downstream enterprises underline the advantages of integration, scale and coupling and create market competitive edge. The “four developments” continued to enhance the new connotation of core competitiveness by shaping the development strength with integrated development, creating the development trend with the appropriate development, strengthening the development advantage with innovative development, and achieve success with high-quality development. Competitive edge in science and technology innovation engine: The Company highlighted the core engine of innovation, strengthened the leading role of innovation, took science and technology innovation as an important strategic focus, accelerated the implementation of the Company’s Three-Year Action Plan for Scientific and Technological Innovation (2021-2023), and consolidated the foundation of the kinetic energy system in the new era. The Company built a science and technology innovation complex and a science and technology innovation ecosystem, and stimulated innovation vitality and gathered innovation elements. The Company deployed the innovation chain around the industrial chain and laid out the industrial chain around the innovation chain. The Company strengthened the linkage and upgrading of industrial chain, value chain and innovation chain, and made up for the weaknesses and sharpened strengths. Focusing on key matters such as “bottleneck” technology, the Company vigorously developed strategic emerging industries, created cutting-edge BBMG industries, and actively cultivated innovative businesses of the Group. The Company built a new innovation model of “BBMG as the leader + small and medium-sized enterprises in concerted development” and constructed a new innovation ecology, formed a good situation of coordinated development of upstream and downstream, production, supply and marketing, and small, medium and large-scale enterprises. The Company promoted the open sharing and benign interaction of “government, industry, academia, research, finance, application and service”, promoted BBMG industrial investment and science and technology venture capital business, discovered and cultivated unicorns, small giants and invisible champions, cultivated “technologically advanced” enterprises, and promoted high-quality development of innovative enterprises with multi-layered capital market. Focusing on the cutting edge of industry, the front end of industry and the high-end of value, and guided by the market and policies, the Company firmly promoted innovation and development, enhanced new momentum of development, and reserved core competitiveness for the high-quality development of the Company and the creation of BBMG’s characteristic cutting-edge industries. Focusing on “four greens and one new”, the Company promoted the overall upgrading of the industry with the research and development of new technologies, new products, new processes and new equipment and the completion of the results to accelerate the progress towards the high-end industry, and constantly injected new vitality into the transformation and upgrading of the Company. Focusing on science and technology innovation and green low-carbon development, the Company built a “1+N+X” science and innovation complex, with BBMG as the theme to gather a number of “government, industry, academia, research, application, finance, and service” innovation elements to create an open and circular science and technology innovation ecosystem. The Company cultivated the advantages of cutting-edge industries in energy conservation and environmental protection, intelligent equipment, new materials, R&D design and inspection and testing, and business incubation services, and established the support of BBMG’s modern industrial system. The Company improved the incentive mechanism, promoted contractual management and created a good environment for science and technology innovation, thus injecting vitality and vigor into innovation and development. The Company has planned ahead and promoted the work of “carbon neutrality and carbon emission peaking”, and formulated the 14th Five-Year action plan for carbon neutrality and carbon emission peaking. The Company completed and put the carbon capture transformation project of Beijing BBMG Liushui Environmental Protection Technology Co., Ltd. (1,500 tonnes per year) into operation, sped up the progress of the project of Beijing BBMG Beishui Environmental Protection Technology Co., Ltd. with 100,000 tonnes carbon capture and utilization capability, and laid out zero-carbon buildings in Xingfa Technology Park. The Company enhanced the independent innovation capability, building the largest sludge disposal project in the domestic cement industry in Jingyang, Shaanxi Province, and pioneering the low-temperature sludge drying technology in China. BBMG Mortar Co., Ltd. became the only demonstration enterprise of Beijing-Tianjin-Hebei Cleaner Production Partnership Project in Beijing. Jidong Development Group International Trading Co., Ltd. issued the first cross-border block chain RMB letter of credit. Two enterprises were awarded the title of national technologically advanced “little giant” enterprises, nine enterprises were awarded the title of provincial technologically advanced “little giant” enterprises, and 11 national high-tech enterprises were added, 67 in total. The Company won 10 provincial and ministerial-level awards of science and technology, and was granted 662 patents, including 363 invention patents, 50 software copyrights and 10 industry standards as the editor-in-chief, and 194 science and technology platforms above the provincial level. Competitive edge in green and sustainable development: The Company practiced in depth the development concept that “Lucid waters and lush mountains are invaluable assets” and continued to consolidate the state-owned enterprise base of green development. The Company practised the concept of green development and promoted sustainable development, and insisted on being the pioneer and leader of “green, recycling and low-carbon” development. The Company considered the strengthening of environmental protection as an important means of the Company for transforming the development pattern, creating benefits, and fulfilling social responsibilities. The Company also strove to overcome the severe and complex economic situation and the profound impact of national industrial policy regulation, took solid steps to promote its work on environmental protection, and persistently promoted high-quality development of the Company with high standard management. The Company seized the strategic opportunity of carbon neutrality and carbon emissions peaking and accelerated the implementation of the dual carbon action plan. The Company planned and built BBMG Smart City Venous Industrial Park. The Company promoted the construction of “highway to railway” green supply chain in Beijing, Tianjin and Hebei, and created a zero- carbon smart transportation model with highway-railway transportation, green distribution and information sharing. The Company actively laid out zero-carbon buildings, promoted the use of clean energy, developed alternative fuels and promoted the green development of the whole process and life cycle of products. The Company built green industry chain supply chain, led green transformation of production and consumption mode, achieved pollution reduction and carbon reduction, promoted green technology innovation and carried out green design. The Company created green factories and green parks, and promoted ecological restoration and green mine construction. The leading advantage brought by green transformation continuously enhanced the core competitiveness of the enterprise. The Company played a pioneering role in the green Beijing “carbon neutrality and carbon emission peaking” action, carried out the research on the road map of carbon emission peaking and carbon neutrality countermeasures, and set the general idea and promotion direction for carbon emission peaking and carbon neutrality work in the 14th Five-Year plan and even in the longer term. The Company formulated the BBMG Group Carbon Capture and Utilization and Storage Work Ideas. The Company advocated the innovation and the application of results in energy saving and emission reduction. In terms of treatment of industrial solid waste and domestic waste using cement kilns, the Company accelerated project construction and maximized the advantages of the cement industry to make greater contributions to energy conservation and emission reduction. The Company further promoted the solid waste and hazardous waste treatment business, replicated the cement kiln solid waste co-disposal technology with independent intellectual property rights, and continuously enhanced the social value of “city purifier and government helper”. Through stable operation control, the Company’s pollutant emission level was better than the national emission control requirements. Pollutant emission concentrations in Beijing, Tianjin, Hebei, Fenwei Plain, and other key regions were significantly lower than the emission limits specified by the state. In 2021, the Company implemented 22 large-scale energy- saving technological transformation projects, involving an investment of nearly RMB150 million. The Company has always vigorously promoted clean production as a new pollution prevention measure and environmental protection concept. Since the start of the clean production audit, the enterprises have completed multiple rounds of audits and acceptances. By implementing the clean production scheme, all subsidiaries have achieved the purpose of “energy saving, consumption reduction, pollution reduction and efficiency enhancement”, achieving the alignment of economic, social and environmental benefits of industrial production. Competitive edge in industry-finance integration: The industry-finance integration supports and promotes the development of various main businesses of the Company. The Company enhanced its comprehensive strategic cooperation with key financial institutions, continuously innovated financing methods, controlled and reduced the scale of the Company’s financing, expanded financing channels, reduced financing costs, ensured the Company’s credit adequacy and effectively controlled and reduced the cost of capital usage. The Company’s capital management effectively followed the principles of “preventing risks, optimizing structure and promoting development”, and implemented strong and effective measures to ensure a reasonable capital scale and sound development scale. The Company promoted the construction of a financial sharing center system to improve the efficiency of capital management. BBMG Finance and BBMG Finance Lease under the Company, built a capital platform to improve the overall capital operation efficiency, broaden the financing pipeline and prevent capital risks, realized the organic integration of industrial capital and financial capital, played the role of a platform for listed companies, improved the overall financing efficiency and continuously consolidated the financial foundation for the healthy and sustainable development of the Company. The Company steadily improved financing support capacity and made good overall control of the Group’s financing. The Company reduced new financing costs by 13 basis points year-on-year; the financing structure was reasonable, with long-term financing accounting for 76.64%. The Company’s issuer credit rating remained AAA, and the financing pipelines were smooth to support the development of the main business. Throughout the year, financing from external sources decreased by RMB9 billion, and financing cost decreased by 37 basis points. We optimized the capital structure and kept the Company’s debt ratio at approximately 67%. The finance company gave full play to the treasury management function of the Company, facilitated the match of the supply and demand of funds within the Company, and strengthened the centralized management of funds. The comprehensive fund collection rate reached 65.70%, maintaining a high level, greatly improving the efficiency of fund use and reducing the Company’s total capital operating costs. Competitive edge in corporate culture and branding: The Company highlights leading corporate culture and enhances the brand value of the Company. The core value of BBMG’s corporate culture is based on the pragmatic working culture of “work with aspiration, competence, efficiency, success and prudence”, the human spirits of “eight specials”, the development philosophy of “integration, communion, mutual benefit and prosperity”, and the corporate spirits of “three emphasis and one endeavor”. We united our minds and efforts and forged ahead to carry forward culture and brand value. The Company carries forward the spirit of model workers, labor spirit, craftsmanship and entrepreneurship, and cultivates the culture of innovation. The Company will not forget its original intention and will forge ahead, work hard, face up to difficulties, seize the first opportunity, lay a new situation, and lay the foundation for a good start of the 14th Five-Year plan with excellent performance, thereby achieving quality growth and striving towards the grand goal of building a world-class industrial group and becoming part of the world’s top 500 companies. The culture of BBMG is built based on experiences of numerous cadres and employees within the system. It aims to help employees realize their dreams, and is the driving force and cornerstone for BBMG’s substantial development. “BBMG” Brand has been consecutively honored as a well-known trademark in Beijing. The Company ranked 65th in the list of 2021 (18th) “China’s 500 Most Valuable Brands”. The Company won the “13th Five-Year plan” Chinese Corporate Culture Building Industry Model, Top 100 Chinese Listed Companies Award, etc. BBMG Group and Jidong Cement were awarded the National May Day Labor Certification. BBMG Culture and Technology Co., Ltd. was awarded the title of “2021 Top 10 Scholarly Enterprises” in Beijing. Liu Gengsheng, an employee of Longshuncheng, won the title of “Person of the Year of Great Country Craftsman” in 2021. The superior brand awareness and prestige has created a sound cultural atmosphere and intelligence support for BBMG to achieve a new round of leap-forward development in full force. At present, the international environment is becoming more complicated and severe, and the recovery of domestic economy is still unstable. From the perspective of international environment, the recurrence of global epidemic is still the biggest variable, and the superposition of economic globalization encounters a counter-current. Unfavorable factors such as global supply chain bottleneck and energy shortage continue to exert their influence, and the world economy has limited room for resumption of growth. In terms of the domestic economy, due to the inertia of demand contraction, supply shock and anticipated weakening, the downward pressure on economy will continue for a period of time in the future. The Company shall not only be fully prepared for a protracted war mentally, but also prepare in advance the first moves and actual measures for risk prevention, and effectively fight the strategic initiative war of averting danger and turning crisis into opportunities. But at the same time, China’s economy is resilient and the favorable long-term fundamentals of Chinese economy remain unchanged; in particular, the general tone of “seeking steady growth” and a number of positive supporting policies put forward by the Central Economic Work Conference have played a decisive role in stabilizing the macro-economic market this year and keeping the economy moving within a reasonable range. From the industry development trend, the building materials industry and the property industry are still in a critical period of transformation and development, and the policy guidance of focusing on structural adjustment will not change in the short term. The Company is facing “four challenges”: Firstly, in the context of the constant implementation of the carbon neutrality and carbon emission peaking policy, the building materials industry will be affected by the accelerated elimination of backward production capacity. The Company will be affected by coal and electricity reduction, dual energy consumption control, transport structure adjustment and other industrial policies; secondly, as the Beijing 2022 Olympic Winter Games, the 20th CPC National Congress and other major national events take place, safety, environmental protection policy constraints in Beijing, Tianjin, Hebei and surrounding areas will become more stringent, and shutdown and production restrictions or stagger production will bring a greater impact on the core regional industries of the Company; thirdly, rising energy prices have led to increased costs in downstream industries, and raw material prices are likely to remain at higher levels in the short term, which will affect the profitability of cement and concrete industries and real estate projects; fourthly, with the deepening of the regulation and control of the real estate industry, the “incremental era” will accelerate to transform into “incremental and stocked era”, and the “development mode” will accelerate to transform into the “development and operation” mode, and the pressure on de-stocking will increase continuously. The overall upward trend of Chinese economy remains unchanged. Firstly, based on the central coordination and linkage of active fiscal policy and prudent monetary policy, as well as the organic combination of cross-cycle and counter-cyclical macroeconomic control policies, the market will maintain a reasonable abundance of liquidity. At the same time, Beijing will also actively use market-oriented means such as guidance funds and REITs and play the role of state-owned capital to leverage more social capital to provide more abundant financial support for the capital’s cutting-edge industries. Secondly, the moderately advanced infrastructure investment will play the role of economic support, coupled with the new urban construction driven by urban renewal and the construction of subsidized housing, which will form a more powerful demand support for the Company’s large building materials industry and large real estate industry. From Beijing’s point of view, this year, it will further promote the Beijing-Tianjin-Hebei world-class city cluster backbone structure; as a result, this will bring strong demands for basic building materials. Thirdly, the Central Economic Work Conference clearly pointed out to “strengthen the guidance of the real estate market expectation” and “take appropriate measures to promote the virtuous circulation and healthy development of the real estate industry”, indicating that the real estate tightening control policy has basically bottomed, the bottom of the market is accelerating, and the real estate market may bottom out. Fourthly, to enhance the resilience of the supply chain system, the structural policies and science and technology policies issued by the central government will bring benefits to the manufacturing industry in terms of speeding up technological innovation and upgrading digital transformation. In addition, Beijing will implement the construction plan of digital economy benchmark city, strengthen the construction of new infrastructure such as computing algorithm platform, launch 20 major application scenarios, promote the formation of industrial clusters such as block chain, artificial intelligence, virtual reality and ultra-high-definition display, as well as accelerate the construction of three national laboratories, which will create new leading enterprises and bring strong momentum for the transformation of the Company’s digital intelligence. The year 2022 is an important year for the implementation of the 14th Five-Year plan, and it is also the closing year of the three-year reform of state-owned enterprises. The 20th CPC National Congress and the Beijing 2022 Olympic Winter Games also take place this year. Therefore, this year is characterized by great events, happy events and significant events. Guided by serving the development of the capital, the Company will integrate into the coordinated development of “five initiatives” and “two regions” construction in Beijing, adhere to the general tone of seeking steady growth, put “steady growth” in a prominent position at all times, deeply understand the four challenges faced by the Company’s development, grasp the “four opportunities” and properly handle the dialectical relationship between “challenges” and “opportunities”. By implementing the strategic concept of “four developments”, taking high-quality development as the theme, reform and innovation as the driving force, and “digitalization” year as the way, the Company will promote the development during the 14th Five-Year period to achieve steady improvement in quality and reasonable growth in quantity, accelerate the upgrading of the industrial chain, and build a new pattern of synergistic development. Firstly, the Company will continue to seek development. The Company will seek steady growth. The Company will balance the dialectical relationship between “seeking steady growth” and “making progress”, coordinate plans with the development strategies of the state and the law of market economy as a whole, maintain the momentum of steady development, and effectively implement the requirement for steady growth. The Company will carry out tasks ahead of schedule. The Company will plan movements, mobilize staff and arrange the tasks in advance, so that measures are taken during the “window period” and policy dividends are enjoyed, to ensure early launch and early achievement for various measures. The Company will be ready to make “changes”. The Company will plan sustainable development with strategic thinking and actively explore the path of transformation and development. For the large building materials segment, the Company will seek “steady growth” by making “progress”, and make use of the “window period” of demand growth to achieve a rise in sales, price and profit. The Company will enhance market synergy and industry influence to lead the healthy and standardized development of the industry. For the large real estate segment, the Company will seek steady growth while making profits. The Company will maintain a stable scale of existing assets, revenues and profits; protect profits and ensure the appropriate level of profitability for the “low-profit era” projects. For investment properties, the Company will shorten the incubation period for new projects and seize the opportunities in the post-Winter Olympics era to produce profits and benefits as soon as possible. For the equipment manufacturing industry, the Company will seek steady growth while improving the quality. The Company will comprehensively improve its capability to control and reduce costs, explore external markets and synergize internal markets, focus on enhancing the creation of high value-added products, and form a high-end equipment innovation and development and intelligent manufacturing driving force. For the new commerce and service industry, the Company will seek steady growth while taking appropriate risk control measures. The Company will control and reduce risks to achieve stable operations. The Company will lay out commerce industry chain operations, strengthen profitability, expand experience-based new scenes of new consumer services, promote the development of online and offline integration, build an urban intelligent storage and logistics service platform, and create a high-quality pan-home living service industrial ecology. The Company will promote the network freight business to accelerate synergy with the Company’s non-cement industries to provide better value-added services. Secondly, the Company will focus on innovation-driven development. The Company will speed up innovation-driven development in technology research and development, institutional mechanisms and business models to stimulate the endogenous power and development vitality of corporate development. The Company will strengthen development with science and technology innovation. The Company will give more prominence to the strategic position of science and technology innovation, form a strategic support for the Group’s high-quality development and create a new driving force for high-quality development. The Company will effectively promote technological innovation in both externality and internality and achieve technological empowerment. The Company will accelerate the transformation of technological innovation from quantitative accumulation to qualitative leap. The Company will promote green and low-carbon innovative development and accelerate the transformation of digital intelligence. The Company will carry out the Group’s “digitalization” year activities with high standard, accelerate the use of high-value application scenarios of industrial Internet, and build a number of lighthouse factories, black light factories, digital workshops, smart parks and digital communities with leading technology. The Company will establish an innovation service platform for intelligent manufacturing in specific fields, guide the convergence of innovative resources, form intelligent solutions for each industry, realize the parallel promotion and integrated development of informatization, digitization, networking and intelligence, and prepare capacity reserves for building industrial Internet in the future. The Company will deepen the reform of state-owned enterprises. The Company will accelerate the reform action of state- owned enterprises, and come up with real, effective and ultra-regular innovative initiatives in improving the incentive and constraint mechanism, creating a highland of innovative talents, and deeply integrating industry and finance, so as to fully release the dividends of state-owned enterprise reform. The Company will integrate into the trend of innovation and development, and promote the development of “specialized, refined, differentiated and innovative ( )” and little giant enterprises. The Company will achieve model innovation in serving the development of the capital. Focusing on the construction of the “International Science and Innovation Center” and “National Cultural Center” in Beijing, the Company will explore the formation of a dynamic space in conjunction with the capital’s high-quality development. Focusing on technology and cultural services, the Company will promote the extension of traditional productive services to specialization and the high-end of the value chain. Thirdly, the Company will take countermeasures to prevent risks. The Company will coordinate high-quality development and risk prevention concerning work safety: The Company will follow up and properly resolve risks and hazards in a timely manner, such as preparing for patrol inspections, resolving disputes, handling complaints immediately upon receipt, resolving historical problems, and taking safety and environmental protection countermeasures. The Company will strengthen and improve the construction of the internal control system, enhance the capability to prevent and control major risks, and accelerate the construction of the “four-in-one” management system of law, compliance, internal control and risk control. Therefore, the Company will further optimize the integration of the internal control information system. Moreover, the Company will firmly guard the bottom line of no major risks and improve the effectiveness of ensuring work safety and exercising environmental management in an all-round manner. The Company will also guard against systemic risk events arising from local risks and against the risk of loss of control. The Company will establish a regular communication and coordination mechanism with the local government, make good use of the two mechanisms of “service stewardship” and joint municipal meetings on historical problems, and continuously track new government policies and requirements to find a solution for the Group’s historical problems. The development strategy of core principal business of the Company in 2022: In terms of the large building materials industry, we plan to promote scale development. Focusing on the carbon neutrality and carbon emission peaking policy and transformation of digital intelligence, we will make use of key strategic resources, 5G+industrial mutual network integration, and carbon neutrality and carbon emission peaking action to achieve industry leadership. We will optimize the layout, adjust the structure, and create new industrial advantages. We will carry out transformation, promote upgrading, and accelerate the digital iteration of the industry. We will expand the path, improve efficiency, and lead green and low-carbon development. In terms of cement, focusing on building a development layout of “one core, one body, two wings, and multiple points”, we plan to steadily implement regional mergers and acquisitions and promote capacity replacement. We will strengthen the marketing ability to generate profits, build market advantages, consolidate and expand the value highland in the core areas of the Beijing-Tianjin-Hebei region, and continuously improve the market control in the core region; further extend the industrial chain, make up for the weaknesses and sharpen strengths, and expand the reserve of mining resources; develop the environmental protection industry to create new benefit growth points; promote the development of the building materials park; optimize the site layout and promote the integration of the concrete industry. In terms of new building materials, we plan to carry out integrated and intensified development in all industries to enhance the scale of development and profitability of assembly- type buildings. We will expand the customer demands, cultivate leading enterprises, promote scale expansion and market integration in niche industries, and create “little giant” enterprises and invisible champion enterprises. In terms of the large real estate industry, we plan to realize steady development. For the property development business, we will make prudent investments and continue to promote the cooperative development model; optimize the layout, and implement targeted policies to achieve “accelerated cash flows”. We will coordinate the “six relationships”, improve the capability of compound property operation of investment, development and construction, operation and management, and property services, expand the application of green building materials through synergy, and gain benefits from product competitiveness, commercial operation efficiency, and project quality control capability. We will effectively increase our efforts on de-stocking. For the property operation business, we will strengthen the coordination with the development business, build a professional team for commercial operation and enhance the commercial property operation capability; serve the four centers, revitalize our own land resources and promote the establishment of BBMG brand for urban renewal. In 2022, the Company will adhere to the general principle of seeking progress while maintaining stability and implement the strategic concept of “Four Development”. With high-quality development as the theme, reform and innovation as the driving force, and the “digitalization” year as the starting point, it will promote the upgrade of the industrial chain and create a new landscape of coordinated development. The highly contagious Omicron strain is spreading rapidly overseas and continues to flare up at multiple points in the PRC, resulting in increased pressure to “prevent overseas import and domestic relapse”. The pandemic remains one of the important factors affecting China’s economic growth in 2022. Under the impact of the centennial pandemic, the upheaval of the century was precipitated, and the external environment became more complex, challenging and uncertain. Numerous uncertainties remain in relation to the current pandemic and the external environment, and the foundation of China’s economic recovery is not yet solid. The world economic situation remains complex and challenging. The recovery is unstable and uneven, and various derivative risks caused by the impact of the pandemic cannot be ignored. Countermeasures: The Company will learn from the experience of pandemic prevention and control and production development in the past two years, make full use of its industrial synergy advantages, and tap into a series of favorable policies issued by the state to ensure sound performance in both pandemic prevention and control and production and operation. The Company will carefully study and identify opportunities and changes, seeking opportunities amidst crisis and chartering new landscape amidst disruption. The Company will seize the major strategic opportunity windows and make centralized planning for the industrial layout and seek progress while maintaining stability, so as to achieve high-quality development of the industry while maintaining steady growth, promote the improvement of scale and profitability, actively cultivate new growth points and development driver, and create strategic emerging industries. The Company will spearhead its development with technological innovation and create a new engine for high-quality development. It will accelerate the digital-intelligence transformation and promote the upgrade of traditional industries. It will adhere to the bottom-line thinking, improve the ability to predict risks, and vigilantly guard against various risks and challenges. The general principle of the real estate policy remains unchanged. The government adheres to the positioning of “housing is for housing, not speculation”, adapting measures to local conditions and implementing multi-pronged strategies to facilitate the stable and healthy development of the real estate market. The problem of serious overcapacity in the cement industry has not been fundamentally resolved. Judging from the supply-side structural reforms and high-quality development policies that the state persists with, the government will continue to implement stricter policies to eliminate outdated production capacity and protect the environment. According to the relevant policy measures and action requirements of carbon emission peaking and carbon neutrality, industrial policies such as coal power reduction, dual energy consumption control, and transportation structure adjustment will continue to strengthen the constraints on the cement industry. Countermeasures: We will strengthen the interpretation, analysis and judgment of national macroeconomic policies and respond to the call of national policies. We will enhance risk awareness and crisis awareness, and accurately predict future development trends. The property business will scientifically study and judge the market and improve the ability to adapt to market pace; improve project operation capabilities, and actively expand online marketing and emerging property business models. Cement enterprises will focus on supply-side structural reform, improve quality and efficiency, and enhance regional market control. Moreover, they will continue to strengthen intra-industry cooperation and promote the construction of integrated cement industry chain, supply chain and innovation chain, accelerate the process of digital transformation and upgrading and formulate carbon emission peak, carbon neutrality and carbon emission reduction plans in advance. Meanwhile, the cement enterprises will seize the opportunities brought by the demands for infrastructure construction of “new infrastructure, new urbanization initiatives and major projects” to further increase market shares. In 2022, the central bank will adhere to the policy of maintaining stability while seeking progress, and adopt a prudent monetary policy flexibly and appropriately. It will intensify cross-cycle adjustment and give full play to the dual functions of monetary policy tools in terms of total amount and structure. It will be more proactive and aggressive, focusing on exerting impacts from the forefront. It will guide financial institutions to increase support for the real economy, especially small and micro enterprises, technological innovation, and green development, stabilize the macroeconomic market, and create a suitable monetary and financial environment for promoting high-quality economic development. However, China’s macro leverage ratio is still on the high side and the risk of local debts and corporate debts is rising. Affected by the epidemic, domestic economic circulation and external trade talks, the manufacturing industry and the property industry will face greater pressure, especially the cash flow pressure of the property industry will increase and the liquidity risk will increase, which brings great challenges to the Company’s financing and liquidity management. The Company will innovate financing methods and extensively expand financing channels to raise funds at low cost and ensure the safety and stability of the capital chain of the Company. The Company will continue to promote the “three reductions, one lowering and one promotion” campaign. We will strengthen process control to improve the efficiency of capital turnover of property project, accelerate inventory destocking, and operate in a steadily manner. We will speed up the sales of commodity inventories in various businesses, strengthen the management and control of marketing risks, and reduce and control long-aged receivables. We will leverage the advantages of the finance companies and financial leasing companies to optimize the debt structure of the Company, so as to secure the cash flow of the Company as a whole. The staggered production in the cement industry only solves the problem of output in the region and does not solve the problem of overcapacity fundamentally. The production capacity structure is in urgent need of optimization. Some small and medium-sized enterprises do not strictly comply with the staggered production policy, resulting in an imbalance between supply and demand, which further aggravates market competition. In the meantime, due to the unbalanced regional development, the gap between the strong in the south and the weak in the north persists in terms of demand and benefit level. Under the superimposition of multiple regulatory policies and the competition of enterprise development, the real estate industry has entered a period of low profit and entered the era of increment + stock, and the pressure of destocking continues to increase. Meanwhile, the concentration of the property industry is accelerating, and the trend of “the big gets bigger, the strong gets stronger” is more notable. Countermeasures: The cement business actively adapts to the market environment of the industry. The Company will seize the strategic opportunities arising during the period of the industry digital transformation, integrate the advantages of resources, scale and location, optimize the industrial layout, expand advanced production capacity; comprehensively improve the level of operation, strengthen the profitability through marketing, correctly understand the relationship between “quantity, cost, price and profit” to ensure sales growth and steady increase in market share; establish market advantages, improve product quality, service and channels, and improve product, service and marketing capabilities; increase technological improvement, innovation, reduce production costs and enhance market competitiveness; give full play to the leading role of the industry’s “leading enterprises”, proactively strengthen industrial synergy with upstream and downstream enterprises, strengthen industry self-discipline, maintain a good industry ecology, promote fair peak staggering, consolidate price levels, and correctly handle competition and cooperation to promote the overall high- quality development of the industry. The property business will continuously improve its development and operation capabilities, and improves its profitability in an all-round way. It will insist on “accelerating cash flows” to improve the capital turnover rate and improve the ability of “quick launch, quick sale and quick payment collection”; focus on core competencies and improve project returns. It will steadily participate in the market land acquisition, revitalize the existing land resources, serve the urban development strategy, build a new development space to tap the future value of the land, coordinate the resources of various industrial sectors, and support the high-quality development of the property business. As at 31 December 2021, the Group’s total assets amounted to approximately RMB286,356.8 million, representing a decrease of approximately 1.7% from the beginning of the Reporting Period, of which liabilities amounted to approximately RMB190,823.0 million, minority interests amounted to approximately RMB31,816.3 million and total equity attributable to the shareholders of the parent company amounted to approximately RMB63,717.5 million. Total equity attributable to shareholders amounted to approximately RMB95,533.8 million, representing an increase of approximately 1.1% from the beginning of the Reporting Period. As at 31 December 2021, the Group’s net current assets were approximately RMB50,224.9 million, representing a decrease of approximately RMB13,634.5 million from the beginning of the Reporting Period. Debt ratio (total liabilities to total assets) as at 31 December 2021 was approximately 66.6%, representing a decrease of approximately 1.0 percentage point from the beginning of the Reporting Period. As at 31 December 2021, the Group’s cash and bank balances amounted to approximately RMB21,922.0 million, representing a decrease of approximately RMB6,721.9 million from the beginning of the Reporting Period. During the Reporting Period, the Group generally financed its operations with internally generated resources, short-term financing bonds, perpetual bonds, corporate bonds, medium- term notes, private bonds and banking facilities provided by its principal bankers in the PRC. As at 31 December 2021, the Group’s interest-bearing bank borrowings amounted to approximately RMB63,656.6 million (as at 31 December 2020: approximately RMB74,438.0 million) and bore fixed interest rates. Of these borrowings, approximately RMB9,514.3 million interest-bearing bank borrowings were due for repayment within one year, representing an increase of approximately RMB3,677.1 million from the beginning of the Reporting Period. Approximately RMB54,142.3 million interest- bearing bank borrowings were due for repayment after one year, a decrease of RMB14,458.4 million from the beginning of the Reporting Period. The Group’s interest-bearing bank borrowings were all denominated in RMB. During the Reporting Period, the Company has paid the principals and interests of borrowings in a timely manner. The Company has sufficient capital for its operations. According to relevant Board resolutions and resolutions of the general meeting, if it is predicted that the interest and principal of the bonds cannot be repaid on time when due or if the interest and principal of the bonds cannot be repaid at the end of the period, the Company shall at least adopt the following measures: No profits shall be distributed to the shareholders; Significant external investment, mergers and acquisitions, and other capital expenditure projects shall be postponed; Salary and bonus of Directors and senior management shall be reduced or suspended; The main responsible person in relation to the Company’s bonds shall not be transferred. As at the end of the Reporting Period, the Company has strictly complied with and fulfilled the above undertakings. During the Reporting Period, transactions that are required to be disclosed by the Group under the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the “Listing Rules”) are as follows: On 31 March 2021, the Company entered into the merger agreement (the “Merger Agreement”) with Tangshan Jidong Cement Co., Ltd.* ( ) (“Jidong Cement”) and BBMG Jidong Cement (Tangshan) Company Limited* ( ( ) ) (the “JV Company”), pursuant to which, the JV Company will merge with Jidong Cement (the “Merger”) such that all the assets and liabilities of the JV Company will be consolidated into Jidong Cement upon completion. Pursuant to the Merger Agreement, Jidong Cement shall issue the consideration shares to the Company in respect of the 47.09% equity interests in the JV Company directly held by the Company. According to the asset appraisal report issued by an independent valuer and approved by the State-owned Assets Supervision and Administration Commission of People’s Government of Beijing Municipality (the “Beijing SASC”), the appraised value of all shareholders’ equity of the JV Company is RMB28,930.4038 million, so that 47.09% of equity interests in the JV Company held by the Company corresponds to an appraised value of RMB13,623.3272 million, with 28 February 2021 as the appraisal base date. The consideration of the transaction is based on the above appraisal results approved by the Beijing SASC and has been determined at RMB13,623.3272 million after negotiation between the parties. Jidong Cement paid the transaction consideration of the JV Company to the Company through issuing shares. Reaching a consensus with Jidong Cement, the issue price of the shares in the transaction is RMB12.78 per share (after the adjustment according to the profit distribution of Jidong Cement for 2020). Before the completion of the transaction, Jidong Cement is directly held by the Company and Jidong Development Group Co., Ltd.* ( ) (“Jidong Development”) as to 7.0% and 30.0% respectively. Jidong Cement is a non-wholly owned subsidiary of Jidong Development. Its financial statements are consolidated into the financial statements of Jidong Development. Jidong Development is in turn directly held by the Company as to 55.0%, and is a non-wholly owned subsidiary of the Company. Before the completion of the transaction, the JV Company is directly held as to 47.09% and 52.91% by the Company and Jidong Cement respectively. The entering into of the Merger Agreement will further strengthen the controlling position of the Company in Jidong Cement and reduce unnecessary shareholding levels and increase the management effectiveness of both the Company and Jidong Cement. Upon the completion of the transaction, the core competitiveness and profit sustainability of Jidong Cement can be further enhanced and thus be beneficial to the Company having Jidong Cement as a cement platform at a subsidiary level to expand and further enhance its position with quality and simplifying the equity levels. The transactions contemplated under the Merger Agreement are not expected to have any material effect on the Company’s assets position and operating results. The consideration was determined based on arm’s length negotiations between the parties and will be based on the valuation results of the JV Company rendered by an independent valuer. The Board considers that the terms of the Merger Agreement are fair and reasonable and are in the interests of the Shareholders as whole. The Merger Agreement has been completed in November 2021. On 15 November 2021, the registration procedures for the industrial and commercial changes involved in the transfer of the 47.09% equity interest in the JV Company held by the Company to Jidong Cement have been completed. Upon the completion of the industrial and commercial changes, the JV Company became a wholly-owned subsidiary of Jidong Cement. In addition, in the Merger, the Company, as the cash alternative provider, paid cash consideration to the dissenting shareholders of Jidong Cement who have effectively declared the exercise of the cash alternatives, and the Company was granted the corresponding shares of Jidong Cement. When the cash alternatives completed, a total of 5,821,192 units of cash alternatives were effectively declared, and the Company was granted 5,821,192 shares of Jidong Cement and paid the cash consideration. Jidong Cement issued 1,065,988,043 shares to the Company to absorb and merge with the JV Company. Upon the completion of the transaction, Jidong Cement is directly held by the Company and Jidong Development as to 47.53% (1,178,645,057 shares) and 18.47% (457,868,301 shares) respectively, and the Company ceases to hold any direct interests in the JV Company. For details of the Merger Agreement, please refer to the announcements of the Company dated 31 March 2021, 25 June 2021, 3 November 2021 and 15 December 2021. Saved as the Merger Agreement as set out in the section of “Discloseable transactions during the Reporting Period” above, the Group had not conducted any substantial acquisition or disposal of subsidiaries, associates or joint ventures that were required to be disclosed during the Reporting Period. During the Reporting Period, the Group had not conducted any connected transaction that was required to be disclosed. As at 31 December 2021, certain of the Group’s inventories, fixed assets, investment properties, land use rights and equity interest amounting to RMB34,974.7 million in aggregate (as at 31 December 2020: RMB49,487.2 million) were pledged to secure short-term and long-term loans of the Group, which accounted for approximately 12.2% of the total assets of the Group (as at 31 December 2020: 17.0%). As at 31 December As at 31 December Provision of guarantee on housing mortgage to Note 1 Provision of guarantee on loans and others to Note 2 Provision of guarantee on loans and others to Note 3 Note 1: Certain customers of the Group have purchased the commodity housing developed by the Group by way of bank mortgage (secured loans). According to the bank requirement in respect of the secured loans of the individual purchase of housing, the Group has provided guarantees to secure the periodical and joint obligation of such secured loans granted by banks for home buyers. The guarantee will be released upon obtaining building ownership certificates and completion of formalities of mortgage by the home buyers. The management is of the opinion that in the event of default in payments, the net realizable value of the relevant properties is sufficient to cover the outstanding mortgage principals together with the accrued interests and penalties, and therefore no provision for the guarantees has been made in the financial statements. Note 2: Jidong Group, a subsidiary of the Group, provided guarantees with joint obligations on the borrowings of RMB890,000,000.00 for Tangshan Culture & Tourism Investment Group Co., Ltd. ( ). The guarantee will expire on 21 May 2029. Note 3: Tangshan Jidong Cement Co., Ltd., a subsidiary of the Group, provided guarantees with joint obligations on two borrowings of RMB32,000,000.00 and RMB20,000,000.00 for Anshan Jidong Cement Co., Ltd.. The guarantees, which will expire on 28 July 2022 and 21 December 2022, respectively, were new guarantees during the year ended 31 December 2021. As at 31 December As at 31 December Contracted but not provided for: The significant commitments made by the Group as at 31 December 2020 had been duly performed as previously undertaken. The Group has established and maintained sufficient risk management procedures to identify and control various types of risk within the organisation and the external environment with active management participation and effective internal control procedures, which is in the best interest of the Group and its shareholders. No significant events after the balance sheet date were required to be disclosed. As at 31 December 2021, the Group had 46,447 employees in total (as at 31 December 2020: 47,405 employees). During the Reporting Period, the aggregate remuneration of the Group’s employees (including Directors’ remuneration) amounted to approximately RMB7,015.0 million (for the year ended 31 December 2020: RMB5,916.8 million), representing an increase of approximately 18.6%. In 2021, the Group deepened the implementation of the “five matching” review mechanism for remuneration, the “annual comprehensive evaluation result” linking mechanism and the “online salary calculation, financial department keeping accounts” payment mechanism. When determining the total salary of a subsidiary, the Group ensures that the per capita income level of the subsidiary matches the “industry, region, position, performance, and corresponding system and mechanism” one by one, and conduct market salary surveys with a combination of cooperating with intermediaries and having the subsidiary collect salary data. Based on the economic benefits and the profit-making per capita of the subsidiary, the Group determines the rate of raise or decrease in the per capita salary to determine the total annual salary of the subsidiary. The Group also linked remuneration management to “annual comprehensive evaluation results”. The Group has established the Administrative Measures for the Comprehensive Evaluation of Subsidiaries, putting each subsidiary’s annual evaluation results into four grades – “Excellent, Good, Qualified, and Poor”. Based on the evaluation results, the Group determines the total salary quota for the year, achieving the management goal of linking the evaluation results of subsidiaries to the total salary. All subsidiaries calculate salaries online through the human resources information system and send vouchers through the financial system to achieve online management of the entire process of salary payment. We standardize the salary structure and salary mechanism through systems and supervise the income of employees at all levels and the use of total salary quota of the subsidiaries in real time, so as to avoid unreasonable increases in labor costs of subsidiaries and realize early warning and supervision. The Group has established a firm new development concept and implemented the strategy of strengthening the enterprise through talents, so as to promote the development and growth of the Group’s talent team and improve the overall quality. For education and training, we adhered to hierarchical and classified management, giving full play to the advantages of hierarchical and classified training. We have established a three-level education and training system at the group level – the secondary group level – the enterprise level, and form a top-down talent training ecological chain with each level performing their duties and reporting to the upper level, deepening the excellent training project and co-creating and sharing learning resources at group level. In 2021, 200,000 employees participated in the training sessions in aggregate, achieving full coverage. In particular, 47,000 employees participated in operation and management training, 51,000 employees participated in professional and technical training, 74,000 employees participated in skill and technology training, and 28,000 employees participated in party-mass relations training. The Group held the “Three Gold” talent training camp, and 700 “Three Gold” talents has been further promoted. The Group earnestly implemented the state’s and Beijing’s Vocational Skills Improvement Action Plan (2019-2021), organized and formulated the vocational skills improvement action implementation plan, and guided all member units to carry out their work in an orderly manner. The human resources departments of the subsidiaries took the initiative to actively engage with Ministry of Human Resources and Social Security, the Ministry of Land and Resources and other ministries, and organized employees to conduct training by stages and steps. The employees actively participated in, proactively studied and joint their efforts, significantly improving the professional ability, comprehensive quality and skill level of the Group’s workforce. Over the past three years, 49,000 employees of the Group have participated in the training with 1.08 million training hours in aggregate. The Group received RMB45 million of subsidy for vocational skills improvement. In particular, subsidiaries in Beijing received RMB18.88 million. Employees of the Parent Company and Major Subsidiaries (as at 31 December Number of Number of The Group mainly operates its business in the PRC. During the Reporting Period, sales proceeds and procurement expenses of the Group were mainly denominated in RMB. Most of the Group’s financial instruments such as accounts and bills receivable, cash and bank balances are denominated in the same currency or a currency that is pegged to the functional currency of the operations to which the transactions are related. Accordingly, it is believed that the Group has minimal foreign currency risks. The Group has not used any forward contract or currency borrowing to hedge its interest rate risks. Fluctuations of the exchange rates of foreign currencies did not constitute any major challenges for the Group nor had any significant effects on its operations or working capital during the Reporting Period. However, the management will continue to monitor foreign currency risks and adopt prudent measures as appropriate. The Group adopts conservative treasury policies and controls tightly its cash and risk management. term deposits denominated in RMB. 