In 2021, the global economy was still hard hit by the novel coronavirus disease (“COVID-19”). Emergence of the Delta and Omicron variants during the year caused infection numbers to surge worldwide. Some cities in Europe and the United States were severely affected by the pandemic, but fortunately the pandemic was relatively better under control in the Greater China Region for most of the Review Period and economies in the region began to recover, though there was no notable improvement in consumer confidence. In Hong Kong, as the COVID-19 pandemic was generally under control in 2021, the Hong Kong government gradually relaxed restrictions on restaurants and public premises in the middle of the year and launched the electronic consumption voucher scheme in the third quarter to boost local consumption. Those moves plus shopping malls and department stores offering a variety of discounts during the period, customer flow picked up markedly. The retail market was particularly prosperous in the second half of 2021. However, with income affected amid the pandemic lasting about two years, some citizens became more cautious in spending. Retail enterprises generally considered that though consumer traffic was strong, overall sales were not as good as before. There was no material change in the Group’s operational and segmental information since the annual report for the year ended 31 December 2020 was published. During the Review Period, total revenue of the Group amounted to HK$320.4 million, increased by 3.6% compared to HK$309.3 million for the corresponding period of 2020. During the Review Period, profit attributable to owners of the Company was HK$11.9 million, down by approximately 26.0% compared to HK$16.1 million for the corresponding period of 2020. Despite that the Group’s sales increased slightly, profit attributable to owners of the Company for the Year decreased mainly due to the absence of the non-recurring COVID-19 related subsidies of approximately HK$10.0 million received in the year ended 31 December 2020 from the Hong Kong and Mainland China governments. Excluding the factor of non-recurring subsidies in 2020, profit attributable to owners of the Company for 2021 would have increased by approximately 93.1% as compared to that for 2020. With the COVID-19 pandemic prevailing for two years, consumers in Mainland China and Hong Kong have adapted to purchasing bedding products online, which the Group having invested in developing e-sales is able to match. During the Review Period, it updated the design of its official eShop webpage in Hong Kong (“HK official eShop”), strengthened cooperation with online shopping platforms, adjusted its product mix more frequently and also optimised delivery logistics by employing radio frequency identification technology. In addition, the Group strove to expand sales on major online retail platforms in Hong Kong via including optimising its product portfolio and collaborating with other brands on the online platforms to promote its products, all gaining consumers’ support. Collaboration with other brands has helped attract new customers which broadened the Group’s customer base. During the Review Period, the revenue contribution of online sales business in the PRC and Hong Kong remained stable. The main strategies used included continuing to invest resources in search engine marketing, recommended contents and social media platform promotions, plus participating in marketing and promotion initiatives of large-scale online shopping platforms. Self-operated POS Concession Retail Concession Retail counters stores Sub-total counters stores Sub-total Macau Total Southern(1) Northern(2) Eastern(3) Northeast(4) Southwest(5) Central(6) Northwest(7) PRC subtotal Total Notes: “Southern” includes Guangxi, Shenzhen, Guangdong and Hainan. “Northern” includes Tianjin, Hebei, Shanxi, Beijing and Inner Mongolia. “Eastern” includes Shanghai, Jiangsu, Zhejiang, Anhui, Shandong, Jiangxi and Fujian. “Northeast” includes Heilongjiang, Liaoning and Jilin. “Southwest” includes Sichuan, Guizhou, Tibet, Yunnan and Chongqing. “Central” includes Henan, Hubei and Hunan. “Northwest” includes Shaanxi, Gansu, Qinghai, Ningxia and Xinjiang. As at 31 December 2021, the Group had a total of 200 physical points-of-sale (“POS”) (31 December 2020: 197), of which 104 were self-operated and 96 were distributor-operated, in a total of 47 cities in the Greater China Region. Benefitting from the stable pandemic situation in Mainland China and Hong Kong most of the time in the Review Period, the Group’s self-operated POS recorded a slight increase in sales year-on-year. After the Hong Kong government issued the electronic consumption vouchers to the public in the second half of 2021, consumption sentiment among citizens rose significantly. In addition, with department stores across the city mounting different promotional events, and the Company itself holding themed exhibitions at various department stores and shopping malls, sales were boosted. With regard to self-operated retail business in Mainland China, the Group actively negotiated for discounts with shopping malls and strictly controlled day-to-day operating expenses. At the same time, it strove to increase revenue and reduce expenditure by offering training to employees and strengthening the effectiveness of its marketing strategies. In 2021, the Group’s sales to distributors in Mainland China and Hong Kong both recorded double-digit year-on-year growth. At efforts of the PRC sales team in recruiting new distributors, the number of distributor-operated POS of the Company in Mainland China saw a net increase year-on-year. The Group actively provided support to the distributors, including guiding them on upgrading the storefront of core POS, adjusting in-store product mix and strengthening customer services, which led to a 19.2% year-on-year increase in sales to distributors. During the Review Period, the Group’s wholesale businesses also remained stable. Apart from offering items to gifts and point redemption schemes of various commercial customers, including electrical appliance chain stores, public utility companies, telecommunication network providers, banks, infant and health food brands and electrical appliance brands, the Group also provided original equipment manufacturing (OEM) products to various customers. The Group has adhered to the core concept of “Contemporary, Innovative and Functional” in product design and is committed to providing quality products and attentive customer services. It has also continued to develop products that embody green concepts and boast health enhancing functions, striving to become consumers’ “Healthy Sleeping Expert”. In the first half of 2021, the Group unveiled the “CoV ZAP Antiviral Series” products, which have obtained a number of international and national testing certifications and proven resistant to human coronavirus, H1N1 and H3N2 influenza viruses, and with a 99% antibacterial rate, effectively inhibiting harmful bacteria such as Staphylococcus aureus, Klebsiella pneumoniae, E. coli, and Candida albicans. As the pandemic spread, during the Review Period, customers had their eyes more and more on bedding products with health enhancing functions. As such, the Group stepped up promotion of its “CASA-V” brand products with “5A” features, namely air purification, anti-bacterial, anti-mould, anti-mites and anti-odour. Well-aware of consumers opting more for easy-to-clean products amid the pandemic, in the second half of the Year, the Group launched the “Regenerated Germproof Supreme Thermal Quilt”, a brand-new product made with “e-Down”, an environmental-friendly fibre born of patented technology from Japan, and special high-density treated shell fabric that keeps dust mites at bay. The e-Down has passed the national GB/T20944.3-2008 “Evaluation for antibacterial activity” test, proven to inhibit E. coli, Staphylococcus aureus and Candida albicans. As for the special high-density treated shell fabric, it is down proof, which means it can greatly reduce allergens such as dust relative to normal down. The product can also be machine-washed and dried. Consumers with respiratory issues and care about household hygiene can use it worry-free. Cartoon products, meticulously designed to match consumer preferences, are one of the key businesses the Group is developing. During the Review Period, sales of licensed and authorised brand products recorded very impressive growth, and the Group’s own cartoon bedding products featuring cats and dogs, launched under the “Beloved Series”, were highly popular in the market, especially among consumers with pets. Moreover, the Group owns bedding product licences for a number of popular cartoons, during the Review Period, it launched new licensed cartoon bedding products of including “Kakao Friends”, “BT21”, “Chibi Maruko Chan”, “Pokemon”, “Mr. Men Little Miss”, “B.Duck” and “PEANUTS”. In the first half of 2021, “LuLu the Piggy” and “Crayon Shin-chan” were added to the Group’s authorised cartoon portfolio, and those products enjoyed strong support from consumers. Taking into account market competition and the low gross profit of “Fast Fashion”, the Group decided to put a halt to the project in the first half of 2021. And, in the second half of 2021, due to operational difficulties, the Group also scaled down the “Healthy Lifestyle Store” furniture business to focus resources on developing the “Deep Sleep System Mattress” business. With mattress production facilities and professional technicians already in place in the Casablanca Industrial Park, the preliminary target of the “Deep Sleep System Mattress” business is to develop core markets in Guangdong, Guangxi and Fujian provinces. To reward customers for their support to the brands of the Group and capture the attention of more consumers, the Group introduced in the first half of 2021 the new membership programme “Casa Club” to offer better privileges to loyal customers. The Group actively enhanced interaction with consumers on Facebook, not only sharing knowledge of how to take care of beddings, but also, in sync with marketing trend in recent years, posting creative videos to promote its brand philosophy and products. During the Review Period, thematic Pop-up Stores of authorised cartoons were set up in various large shopping malls and department stores, with photo-taking area featuring large cartoon characters and limited edition souvenirs to give out to attract consumer patronage. In July, authorised products were sold in the booth of the licensor of Crayon Shin-chan at the “Ani-Com & Games Hong Kong 2021”, which had effectively strengthened awareness of the brand among young consumers. The year 2021 marked the 28th anniversary of the founding of the brand by the Group. In June, a new television commercial themed “The Art of Textiles” was launched to spotlight the Group’s pursuit of fabric aesthetics and quality sleep in the past 28 years. In addition to the new television commercial and product sponsorship for television game programme series, the Group also, via product sponsorship and advertising placement tied in with the popular television drama “Ossan’s Love” in July, succeeded in attracting a lot of consumer inquiries and purchases of the bedding products used by the leading characters in the drama, reaping great publicity value. In 2021, with extensive experience in authorised brand management to share, the Group was invited to join the “Design, Marketing and Licensing Services Advisory Committee” by the Hong Kong Trade Development Council (HKTDC). The Group also received the “China Licensing Awards” jointly presented by the International Licensing Industry Merchandisers’ Association and the Licensing Expo Shanghai. The Group was also invited to participate and represented in the Asian Licensing Webinar jointly organised by HKTDC and Licensing International in the second half of 2021 to share views on the development of licensing business in Hong Kong, which showed that the Group’s leadership in authorised brand management is well-recognised. Looking ahead at 2022, the market expects the worldwide spread of the COVID-19 variant Omicron will soon be effectively contained as vaccination rates increase. Also, with new relevant oral drugs for treatment available, as well as various antigen rapid test kits and drugs that can relieve infection symptoms produced by enterprises around the world, economic development is expected to soon get back on track in different countries. However, with conflicts broken out between Russia and Ukraine, operation of the global supply chain has been affected and countries are worried about such uncertainties as inflation and oil price rise. The turbulent global scene and gloomy economic outlook have significantly weakened the confidence of consumers in the Greater China Region. Retail enterprises in Hong Kong are hoping that the new round of electronic consumption vouchers the Hong Kong government going to issue will give the weak consumption sentiment in Hong Kong a boost. Facing this difficult period for retail business operations in Mainland China and Hong Kong, the Group will actively develop new income sources, reduce expenditure, allocate resources to businesses with higher growth potential, adjust its product mix according to market needs, strive to expand distributor-sales, online-sales and wholesaling, and focus on developing bedding products with health enhancing functions so as to enhance the Group’s brand value. Regarding sales channels, self-operated retail sales, distributor-sales, online sales and wholesaling remain the key development focuses of the Group in Mainland China. To raise the revenue contribution of individual self-operated retail POS, the Group will launch targeted marketing and promotions by geographical region plus community group purchase events. In addition, it planned to add 5 to 10 high-quality self-operated retail POS step-by-step in 2022 to scale up revenue. For distributor-sales, it will improve customer services and strive to maintain its existing distributor network while exploring new distributors. In 2022, the Group will continue to optimise the structure of its domestic online sales team and add performance incentives. Pinpointing domestic online business, it will focus on investing promotional resources in search engine marketing, recommended contents, social networking platforms, video and live streaming publicity through such channels as Tmall, Jingdong, Taobao, Pinduoduo and Xiaohongshu, plus allocate resources to support the Company’s potential-rich self-operated online stores on online shopping platforms to balance the risk from concentrated income sources. With healthy household products catching the eyes of more consumers amid the prevailing COVID-19 pandemic in recent years, the Group has continued to research and develop products with “5A” features and employ technology- embedded materials to ensure its products are safe for use by consumers. To attract young consumers in the PRC market, the Group will launch products of clean and simple designs. For online customers with higher spending power in first tier cities, the online sales team will also continue to optimise the offering structure and increase the proportion of high-end offerings. Heeding the intense competition in the industry, the Group has scaled down the “Healthy Lifestyle Store” and furniture sales business so that more resources could be allocated to the “Deep Sleep System Mattress” business for including mattress production and sale. The Group started preparing for mattress production and sales operations in 2021, working on including purchasing manufacturing facilities, recruiting production personnel and training sales personnel, targeting to roll out strong promotion for its mattress products in 2022. To meet its growing product research and development and production capacity demands, the Group commenced construction of phase II of the Casablanca Industrial Park in Huizhou in December 2020. The main work in phase II is to construct the new production building B, which is intended for accommodating production facilities for new products (especially for research and development) and to provide more office, showroom, training and conference room spaces. Construction of the new production building B has been largely completed and various safety inspections are being conducted by the government to be followed by interior decoration work. It is expected to commence operation in or before the third quarter of 2022. In the first quarter of 2022, amid the fifth wave of the COVID-19 outbreak in Hong Kong, with the number of confirmed infections reaching new high every day and deaths of infected elderly rising persistently, the Hong Kong government imposed very stringent anti-pandemic measures, including compulsory use of the “LeaveHomeSafe” mobile application and the “vaccine pass” being a must for those who want to enter designated premises including shopping malls and department stores, as well as evening dine-in ban at restaurants. The low customer flow has seriously affected retailers and the operating conditions in the first half of 2022 are not optimistic. Regarding sales channels, the majority of the Group’ s physical POS in Hong Kong have been operating for a good period of time and have good relationship with consumers in their neighbourhood. The Group will continue to actively seek rental concessions from shop owners and it expects its existing network of physical POS in Hong Kong to remain stable. In 2022, with cost control in mind, it will continue the effort it started in 2021 to optimise the décor of and product display at POS. In addition to the HK Official eShop and the online stores it operates on well-known local online shopping platforms, the Group will also expand online penetration of its products through short-term promotions or opening online stores on more online shopping platforms. Although development of the COVID-19 pandemic is worrying, the Group will still press on with exploring diverse business opportunities with commercial customers, including providing products to customers as free gifts or for their redemption schemes, or as gifts on purchase online, etc. On the product front, with efforts and preparation made in 2021, the Group launched in February 2022 the first mattress series named “Casa Sleep-Lab Earth Mantle Series”, comprising 6 mattress products with “5A” features of CASA-V. The products come each with a different efficient support system and material combinations with reference to ergonomics to cater for different sleeping support needs and preferences of consumers. In 6 large specialised stores in Hong Kong, dedicated mattress experience area has been set up for consumers to experience the mattress products first-hand. In recent years, the Group has focused on promoting products that embody green concepts and health improving functions. In addition to continuing promotion of bedding products with “5A” features in 2022, it will also launch products made with various new technology-embedded materials under the “Love Casa Love Eco” theme to encourage consumers to use environmental-friendly materials to their sleeping environment. Moreover, in 2022, the Group will continue to optimise the licensed cartoon product portfolio by adding more of its own pet cartoon designs and increasing popular cartoon product choices, thereby further boost the market share of the Group’s brands in Hong Kong. As for promotion, the Group has strengthened online promotion over the past few years to more effectively convey its brand positioning and messages to targeted consumers and succeeded in bolstering awareness of the brand among young people in Hong Kong. In 2022, it will continue to enhance its online promotional content, produce more short videos and increase interaction with consumers. The Group will actively seek opportunities to promote its brands in shopping malls or department stores, including introducing Pop-up Stores and staging themed exhibitions, to capture the interest of consumers with different shopping habits. Adhering to its “Contemporary, Innovative and Functional” design concept, the Group will strive to provide consumers with quality bedding products of fashionable designs and at reasonable prices, as well as home accessories that are trendy yet practical. It will also continue to broaden revenue streams and enhance the Group's brand value so as to bring satisfactory returns to Shareholders in the long run. During the Year, the Group recorded revenue of HK$320.4 million (2020: HK$309.3 million), representing an increase of 3.6%. The increase in revenue was primarily attributable to the improvement of sales, which, in turn, was attributable to the COVID-19 in Hong Kong and Mainland China being relatively stable during the Year as compared to 2020, leading to better consumption sentiment for self-operated and distributor-run retail business. Breakdown of revenue by channels: HK$’000 % of Total % of Total Self-operated concession counters Self-operated retail stores Sub-total for self-operated retail sales E-sales Sales to distributors Others (Note) Total Note: “Others” includes sales to wholesale customers in Hong Kong and Mainland China and also exports to overseas markets. Self-operated retail sales for the Year accounted for 70.8% of the total revenue and represented an increase of 2.0% as compared to 2020. The increase in self-operated retail sales from concession counters for 2021 was primarily due to the improvement in self-operated retail business at department stores as a result of the relatively more stable COVID-19 situation throughout the Year. The decrease in self-operated retail sales from retail stores was attributable to the result of the important promotional event in Hong Kong in January 2021, under many strict measures against the pandemic imposed by Hong Kong government, being relatively unsatisfactory as compared to the one in January 2020. Revenue from e-sales for the Year was at similar level as compared to 2020. The significant increase in sales to distributors for 2021 was attributable to distributors in both Mainland China and Macau benefited from the better consumption sentiment as a result of relatively more stable COVID-19 situation during the Year. Sales to others increased as a result of more purchase orders from corporate and export customers. Breakdown of revenue by brands: HK$’000 % of Total % of Total Proprietary brands Licensed and authorized brands Total Casablanca, Casa Calvin and CASA-V are our major proprietary brands. The increase of 1.2% in sales of proprietary brands was attributable to the increase in sales during the Year. Sales of our licensed and authorized brands for 2021 increased by 17.4% due to launching of more licensed and authorized brands products with more promotional offers, especially for e-sales, during the Year. Breakdown of revenue by products: HK$’000 % of Total % of Total Bed linens Duvets and pillows Others (Note) Total Note: “Others” includes sales of home accessories, furniture and other products. Bed linens and duvets and pillows are major products of the Group. The increase in sales of bed linens and duvets and pillows for 2021 was primarily due to the increase in overall sales during the Year. Breakdown of revenue by geographic regions: HK$’000 % of Total % of Total Hong Kong & Macau Mainland China Others (Note) Total Note: “Others” includes sales to regions other than Hong Kong, Macau and Mainland China. Revenue from Hong Kong and Macau for 2021 increased by 4.3% primarily due to the increases in self-operated retail sales and sales to distributors and wholesale customers in Hong Kong and Macau. The revenue from Mainland China for 2021 at similar level as 2020 was attributable to the increases in e-sales and sales to distributors being offset by the decreases in sales-operated retail sales and sales to wholesale customers in Mainland China. Revenue from others for 2021 significantly increased since some of our export customers re-activated their purchase orders which were on hold under the impact of COVID-19 during 2020. Gross profit of HK$196.4 million for 2021 increased by 2.4% as compared to HK$191.7 million for 2020. The gross profit margin for 2021 was 61.3% which was slightly lower than 62.0% for 2020 and mainly due to the increase in proportion of sales to distributors for 2021 at a lower margin. Other income for the Year decreased by 88.2% to HK$1.5 million (2020: HK$12.4 million). The decrease during the Year was mainly due to the absence of subsidies of about HK$10.0 million received from governments of Hong Kong and Mainland China primarily in relation to COVID-19 in 2020. Other gains for the Year amounted to HK$0.8 million (2020 losses: HK$1.5 million), mainly representing net exchange gain of HK$1.3 million (2020: HK$1.5 million) and gain on lease modification of HK$1.4 million (2020: Nil) offsetting impairment loss, loss on disposal and written off of property, plant and equipment of HK$0.5 million in total (2020: HK$1.2 million), unrealised loss on financial assets at fair value through profit or loss of HK$1.3 million (2020 net unrealised gain: HK$0.1 million) and impairment loss of right-of-use assets of Nil (2020: HK$1.6 million). Selling and distribution costs for 2021 increased by 1.4% to HK$138.3 million (2020: HK$136.5 million). The increase was mainly due to increases in salaries and allowances to sales staff, rent and rates and repair maintenance. Administrative expenses for 2021 decreased by 4.1% to HK$43.7 million (2020: HK$45.6 million). The decrease was primarily due to decreases in salaries and allowances, depreciation and legal and professional fee for the Year. The Group’s effective tax rate for 2021 was 24.0% as compared to 16.7% for 2020. The effective tax rate for 2021 was calculated with non-taxable subsidies and gains offsetting against operation losses of subsidiaries in Mainland China and other non-tax deductible expenses. Had these subsidies, operation losses, the loss allowances on trade and other receivables and inventory, and the exchange gain or loss for 2021 and 2020 been excluded, the adjusted effective tax rate would be approximately 17.5% for 2021 and 16.9% for 2020. Profit attributable to owners of the Company for 2021 was HK$11.9 million, representing a decrease of 26.0% when compared to HK$16.1 million for 2020. Reason for the decrease in profit for 2021, despite a slight increase in sales of the Group, was primarily due to the absence of non-recurring subsidies amounting to about HK$10.0 million mainly in relation to COVID-19 received from the governments of Hong Kong and Mainland China as for the year ended 31 December 2020. If subsidies received from governments of Hong Kong and Mainland China are excluded for both years, the adjusted profit attributable to owners of the Company for 2021 becomes HK$11.9 million (2020: HK$6.1 million) and represents an increase of 93.1% as compared to that for 2020. EBITDA represents gross profit less selling and distribution costs and administrative expenses adding back depreciation, amortisation and share-based payments. EBITDA for 2021 increased by 7.8% to HK$41.1 million (2020: HK$38.2 million) which was primarily attributable to the increase in sales for the Year. Inventory turnover (days) Trade receivables turnover (days) Trade and bills payables turnover (days) The inventory turnover is equal to the average of opening and closing inventory divided by total cost of sales for the year and multiplied by 365 days. The reason for inventory turnover for 2021 decreased to 238.4 days from 257.9 days for 2020 was due to lower opening inventory of the Year and the increase in sales for the Year. The inventory at 31 December 2021 increased by 12.5% to HK$85.8 million from HK$76.2 million at 31 December 2020 with more raw materials and finished goods kept at 31 December 2021 for promotional events in January 2022 in Hong Kong. The trade receivables turnover is equal to the average of opening and closing trade receivables divided by total sales for the year and multiplied by 365 days. With the increase in sales for 2021 and the higher opening trade receivables for 2020, the trade receivables turnover for 2021 decreased to 53.5 days from 63.5 days for 2020 despite the trade receivables at 31 December 2021 at similar level as to 31 December 2020. The trade and bills payables turnover is equal to the average of opening and closing trade and bills payables divided by total cost of sales for the year and multiplied by 365 days. The trade and bills payables turnover for 2021 increased to 142.9 days from 139.8 days for 2020 with the increase of 35.5% in trade and bill payables of HK$55.9 million at 31 December 2021 from HK$41.2 million at 31 December 2020 due to more raw materials purchased in the fourth quarter of 2021 for promotional events in January 2022 in Hong Kong. The gearing structure is set out below: Total bank borrowings Pledged bank deposits and bank balances and cash Net cash Total assets Total liabilities Total equity The Group has been adhering to the principle of prudent financial management in order to minimise financial and operational risks. The Group generally finances its operations with internally generated cash flows. Bank borrowings were primarily for repayment of the cross-border intergroup loan subject to exchange exposure. The decrease in bank balances and cash at 31 December 2021 was primarily attributable to payments for 2020 final dividend, 2021 interim dividend and the construction of the new production building B under phase II of Casablanca Industrial Park under the construction agreement (the “Construction”) during the Year. Even reserving cash for full settlements of capital commitments, outstanding payables for the Construction and bank borrowings at 31 December 2021, the Group would still have available net cash of about HK$119.3 million and unutilized banking facilities of about HK$72.5 million as at 31 December 2021 which will be sufficient for its future operations in absence of unforeseen circumstances. As at 31 December 2021, the pledged bank deposits of the Group were approximately HK$7.2 million (2020: HK$6.2 million), which were denominated in HKD and RMB, and the bank balances and cash of the Group were approximately HK$135.1 million (2020: HK$188.4 million), which were denominated in HKD and RMB except for about 2.3% in United States dollars and Euro. Details of the Group’s pledged bank deposits and bank balances and cash are set out in note 20 to the consolidated financial statements. As at 31 December 2021, the bank borrowings of the Group were approximately HK$4.0 million (2020: HK$2.4 million), which were denominated as to 100.0% in RMB, with all bank borrowings balances repayable not more than one year and being fixed-rated borrowings with effective interest rates at 5.42% per annum. During the Year, the financial position of the Group was healthy. Details of the Group’s bank borrowings are set out in note 22 to the consolidated financial statements. The Group’s total current assets and the total current liabilities at 31 December 2021 decreased to HK$301.4 million (2020: HK$341.4 million) and increased to HK$107.8 million (2020: HK$79.3 million) respectively. As a result, the current ratio decreased to 2.8 as at 31 December 2021 from 4.3 as at 31 December 2020. The decrease in current ratio was mainly due to the decrease in bank balances and cash and the increase in trade and other payables. Gearing ratio is calculated as total borrowings divided by total equity at the end of the year. As at 31 December 2021, the gearing ratio was only 1.0% (2020: 0.6%) with the bank borrowings increased by HK$1.6 million in Mainland China when the total equity also decreased by HK$20.1 million. The Group was at net cash position at 31 December 2021 as well as 31 December 2020. As at 31 December 2021, no leasehold land and buildings were pledged to banks as securities for banking facilities granted to the Group (2020: Nil). The Group had pledged only its fixed deposits with an aggregate value of HK$7.2 million (2020: HK$6.2 million) to certain banks in Hong Kong and Mainland China to secure banking facilities granted to the Group at 31 December 2021. During the Year, the Group invested HK$59.2 million (2020: HK$4.9 million) mainly for acquisition of properties, leasehold improvements and equipment and the Construction. As at 31 December 2021, the Group had capital commitments of approximately HK$5.1 million (2020: HK$48.8 million) of which mainly an amount of about HK$4.6 million (2020: HK$48.4 million) related to the cost of the Construction with payments subject to the completion of the Construction. The total number of ordinary shares of the Company (“Shares”) as at 31 December 2021 was 257,854,000 Shares (2020: 257,854,000 Shares). As at 31 December 2021, the total issued share capital of Company was HK$25,785,400 (2020: HK$25,785,400). The movements of share capital during the Year are set out in note 25 to the consolidated financial statements. In order to provide incentive or reward to eligible persons for their contribution to the Group and to enable the Group to recruit and retain human resources that are valuable to the Group, the Company adopted a share option scheme ("Share Option Scheme") before the listing. Details of the Share Option Scheme and movements of share options during the Year are set out in note 26 to the consolidated financial statements. The Group carries on its business mainly in Hong Kong and Mainland China. The Group is exposed to foreign exchange risk principally in RMB which may affect the Group’s performance. RMB appreciated by about 3.3% against HKD in 2021 (2020: 6.2%). The management is aware of the possible exchange rate exposure due to the continuing fluctuation of RMB and will closely monitor its impact on the performance of the Group to see if any hedging arrangement is necessary. The Group currently does not use derivative financial instruments to hedge against the volatility associated with foreign currency transactions and other financial assets and liabilities arising in the ordinary course of business. The Company and two of its subsidiaries in Hong Kong are defendants in a litigation involving an alleged copyright infringement in Hong Kong. Based on legal advice, it is difficult in the usual course of such litigation to predict the exposure to the Group at this early stage. The pre-trial review by the High Court has been scheduled for 2 March 2023 and the trial has been scheduled to commence on 3 May 2023 with a period of 15 days reserved. Based on legal advice on preliminary assessment, the exposure in the event of failure to defend the case is estimated not to be material to the Group, assuming that there is no damage for loss of goodwill caused to the plaintiff or its brand names. The Board considers that the alleged claim would not bring any material adverse effect to the business operation and financial position of the Group. As at 31 December 2021, the employee headcount of the Group was 516 (2020: 549) and the total staff costs, including directors’ emoluments, for the Year amounted to HK$91.8 million (2020: HK$90.3 million). The decrease of employee headcount was mainly due to the decrease in sales, administration and human resources staff from closure of the office of Colorway Furniture Company Limited, which is a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company, in Dongguan, the PRC. Despite the decrease in employee headcount, the increase in total staff costs for the Year was mainly due to the increase in payments for retirement benefit schemes contributions in Mainland China which were exempted from payments under the impact of COVID-19 in 2020. The Group offers competitive remuneration packages commensurate with industry practice and provides various fringe benefits to employees including medical benefits, social insurance, provident funds, bonuses and a share option scheme. The Group did not have any material acquisitions and disposals of subsidiaries, associates and joint ventures in the course of the Year. During the year ended 31 December 2020, the Group deregistered Shenzhen Casablanca Sales and Marketing Limited, which was a subsidiary of the Group in Mainland China with effective interest of 55% before deregistration. Details of the transaction with non-controlling interest for the year ended 31 December 2020 are set out in note 27 to the consolidated financial statements. The Group did not hold any significant investments save as those disclosed in this annual report. The financial assets at fair value through profit or loss (the “FVTPL”) represent the Group’s investments in shares of companies being constituents of Hang Seng Index as listed on the Stock Exchange which were held for medium to long term investment purposes. As at 31 December 2021, the Company had total investments with fair value of HK$7.3 million (2020: HK$5.2 million) which were not more than 5% of the Group’s total assets. The increase in financial assets at FVTPL was mainly attributable to purchases of more shares listed on the Stock Exchange during the Year offsetting against an amount of net unrealised loss on financial assets at FVTPL of about HK$1.3 million (2020 net unrealised gain: HK$0.1 million), which was mainly derived from decreases in prices of listed shares as held at 31 December 2021. As the Group’s investments were constituents of Hang Seng Index as listed on the Stock Exchange, they were expected to bring returns to the Group ultimately. Dividend income for the Year from these investments in shares of companies listed on the Stock Exchange was HK$0.4 million (2020: Nil). On 10 and 11 March 2022, the Group made further investments of about HK$1.9 million in total in shares of two companies being also constituents of Hang Seng Index as listed on the Stock Exchange and intended to hold them for a medium to long term. The Group is actively identifying and exploring suitable investments with potential and synergy effect to its existing businesses. Only potential investments, which are in the interests of the Company and the Shareholders as a whole, will be considered. For medium to long-term investment purposes, the Group may consider to invest in shares of companies listed on the Stock Exchange and investment properties to strive for better return in the medium to long-term from surplus cash on hand. The Group will review its business strategy in respect of its capital assets (including but not limited to properties owed by the Group) from time to time. With a view to optimising the overall benefits of the Group, adjustments may be made or new initiatives may be undertaken as regards the business plans formulated for properties owed by the Group having regard to the operational needs of the Group, actual circumstance and the interest of the Group as a whole. References are made to the announcements of the Company dated 18 January 2022, 16 April 2021 and 30 October 2020 and the circular of the Company dated 15 December 2020 in relation to the Construction Agreements. The Group entered into a construction agreement on 30 October 2020 and a supplemental agreement on 16 April 2021 (collectively the “Construction Agreements”) with an independent third party contractor to construct a complex with four floors for the new production building B under phase II of the Casablanca Industrial Park in Huizhou, the PRC of which the completion was initially expected in December 2021. The total consideration under the Construction Agreement up to date was adjusted to RMB51.9 million (equivalent to approximately HK$63.6 million) after an upward adjustment of RMB3.3 million (equivalent to approximately HK$4.0 million) in relation to adjustments according to the price adjustment mechanism and changes in raw materials used. Up to the date of this annual report, the Company had made progress payments of about RMB40.1 million (equivalent to approximately HK$49.2 million) for the Construction Agreements under which the Construction has been substantially completed and is under arrangements for inspections by the relevant governmental authorities. The completion of the Construction is extended to not later than 30 April 2022. After the completion, the new production building B under the Construction will be undergone interior decorations and will be ready for use in or before the third quarter of 2022. Other than those disclosed above, there was no plan authorised by the Board for material investments or additions of capital assets at the date of this annual report. 