Yeahka is a leading payment-based technology platform. Our goal is to build an independent and scalable commercial digitalized ecosystem. We seamlessly connect merchants and consumers through payment services of different kinds, including QR code and traditional bank card payment. And on this basis, we provide merchant solutions including SaaS digital solutions, precision marketing services, and fintech services to help merchants better manage and drive business growth. In addition, we also launched in-store e-commerce services in December 2020, providing consumers with one-stop local lifestyle services of great value. We have been expanding our business ecosystem over the past ten years. We have enriched our product matrix to empower merchants with comprehensive digital solutions including SaaS, precision marketing and fintech. On consumer end, we also expanded our business initiative to simultaneously provide value for money local lifestyle service packages to consumers. To better reflect our strategic plans and the way how management evaluates business performance, we have reclassified our business lines from (1) one-stop payment services, and (2) technology-enabled business services, to (1) one-stop payment services, (2) merchant solutions, and (3) in-store e-commerce services. During the year ended December 31, 2021 (the “Reporting Period”) , the trustee of the restricted share unit scheme has utilized an aggregate of approximately HKD470.1 million to purchase 17,686,800 shares of the Company on market at a consideration ranging from HKD23.05 to HKD29.95 per share. The shares purchased during the Reporting Period represent 3.9% of our issued shares as of the Latest Practicable Date. On March 31, 2022, the Company announced that it would pay an amount of no more than US$50 million to the trustee of the RSU Scheme to purchase shares of the Company on market from time to time. The share purchase plan was based on the Company’s operational growth outlook, capital market conditions, macroeconomic performance indicators and the Company’s continuous intention to retain and motivate key employees. Apart from driving rapid business growth, we are committed to our responsibilities as a corporate citizen, continuously and thoroughly evaluating the environmental and social impacts brought by our development. We consolidated expectations from our stakeholders and developed our ESG philosophy and strategies under the guidance of the United Nations Sustainable Development Goals to enhance ESG management. On the environmental front, we have been promoting green governance and have adopted green office policies. We invested millions of RMB to gradually replace high energy-consuming data centres with low energy-consumption green data centres, reducing PUE value to 1.56. Meanwhile, our proprietary private cloud technology is expected to reduce the amount of physical equipment by about 30%, which is estimated to save 798 megawatt hours of electricity per year. Moreover, we are accelerating the formulation of our carbon footprint reduction targets and action plans to meet the demands in the low-carbon era. On the social front, we continued to upgrade trading system functions, strengthening transaction risk management, made more than 10 billion risk decisions, and conducted risk processing on over 3 million at-risk transactions. We emphasized staff development and strengthened employee training by setting up flexible internal transfer and promotion mechanisms. In addition, we have also been actively combating the Pandemic, setting up benchmarks for rural revitalization pilot projects and promoting community common prosperity through the establishment of Yeahka Charity Foundation. Regarding governance, we enhanced ESG governance structure and consolidated internal risk management. We conducted compliance training 6 times throughout the year with 100% attendance, covering company policies, as well as laws and regulations in relation to anti-fraud, anti-corruption, anti-money laundering, etc. On March 31, 2022, we established an ESG Committee comprised of Mr. Liu Yingqi, chairman of the Board and chief executive officer, Mr. Yao Zhijian, executive Director and chief financial officer and Mr. Yao Wei, independent non-executive Director and chairman of the Audit Committee of the Board. Mr. Liu Yingqi has been appointed as the chairman of the ESG Committee. Please refer to the Company’s announcement dated March 31, 2022 for more details. In 2021, business environment in China has gradually recovered from the impact of the Pandemic. According to the National Bureau of Statistics, in 2021, the total retail sales of consumer goods increased by 12.5% year-on-year, of which food and beverage sales increased by 18.6% year-on-year. The operating pressure of many small and medium merchants(1) has been gradually relieved. According to the Report on Financing Development of Micro, Small and Medium Enterprises in China ( ) published by iResearch in 2021, the net increase in the number of merchants(2) was 16 million in 2021, representing 99.7% of the net increase of all types of market participants nationwide. In addition, we believe that many small and medium merchants who use personal codes for fund-receiving can switch to integrated merchant codes to enjoy professional payment services. These developments have brought new opportunities and challenges to our business development. Notes: Small and medium merchants refer to the group of merchants whose annual payment volume is typically less than RMB3 million. Merchants referred to in iResearch’s report include small enterprises, micro-enterprises, family workshop-type enterprises and privately or individually-owned business. One-stop payment services is the entry point for merchant traffic, which is the basis for building our commercial digitalized ecosystem, providing an important pivotal point for our merchant solutions and in-store e-commerce businesses. Despite the impact from the Pandemic in certain areas and the maturing regulatory environment during the year, our GPV and revenue from payment services recorded strong growth given our effective marketing and channel strategies. During the Reporting Period, GPV increased significantly by 45.5% year-on-year to RMB2.12 trillion, among which, GPV of app-based payment services increased by 59.0% year-on-year, accounting for 60.5% of total GPV for the year ended December 31, 2021, up from 55.4% for the year ended December 31, 2020. Revenue from one-stop payment services increased by 24.0% year-on-year to RMB2,268.3 million. Meanwhile, the number of active payment service merchants and consumers reached via one-stop payment services both recorded historical highs of approximately 7.3 million and 945 million, up by 32.5% and 46.5% year-on-year, respectively. The significant increase in transaction volume, number of merchants and consumers reflected our stable system processing capabilities and effective expansion strategies. According to the Thematic analysis on industrial payment in China in 2021 ( 2021 ) published by Analysys, Yeahka ranked first in China’s non-bank independent integrated QR code payment service market, in terms of its comprehensive capabilities including transaction volume and number of merchants served. In addition, according to iResearch, the size of the third-party mobile payment market in China will reach RMB456.2 trillion in 2025, with a compound annual growth rate of 12.9% from 2020 to 2025. We believe that, going forward, the market will maintain a relatively rapid growth rate and the market potential of lower-tier markets ( ) will continue to grow. As of December 31, 2021, we have established a channel network covering 30 provinces and 324 cities in China, with nearly 15,000 independent sales agents and partners. Our cloud payment platform, through open application programming interface (API), has established partnership with over 2,000 partners, which include SaaS, independent software vendor (ISV), fourth-party payment, and financial institutions, from vertical industries such as food and beverage, retail, parking, refueling, bike-sharing, internet cafes, tourist attractions, hotels, and vending machines. Our scalable and highly compatible payment infrastructure platform can significantly lower research and development cost and increase payment connection efficiency by allowing our partners to customize solutions such as account splitting, bill payment, payment custody, etc. Additionally, as of December 31, 2021, we have shared merchant resources with 95 banks, including joint-stock banks, and urban and rural commercial banks. The banking system has a nationwide network and massive merchant resources, so we co-develop merchant payment service systems and jointly provide bank card acquiring services and merchant acquiring services with banks, helping merchants activate their bank accounts, establish merchant payment channels and provide merchant solutions for merchants to drive diversified development of our payment business. The partnership with banks allows us to further reduce our customer acquisition costs and increase our merchant retention rates. We believe the development of digital currency electronic payment (DC/EP) will further facilitate in-depth cooperation between commercial banks and third-party payment institutions. We proactively participate in the planning and design of digital currency electronic payment technology standards and have completed the relevant deployment of our software and hardware capabilities. During the Reporting Period, we jointly promoted the implementation of digital currency electronic payment in cities including Shenzhen, Beijing, and Shanghai with a number of leading commercial banks in China. We believe digital currency electronic payment will enable us to develop a diversified merchant base, capitalize on our robust growing sales network, offer additional innovative payment solutions and at the same time, provide strong support for commercial banks to fully implement digital currency electronic payment through our comprehensive penetration of offline merchant scenarios. We have been working in the payment industry for over ten years, and accumulated a massive and loyal merchant base, which became the broad customer source for our merchant solutions. Due to the Pandemic, certain consumption habits such as contactless self-ordering have gradually become popular, and demands from small and medium merchants for technological upgrades have been increasing. As of December 31, 2021, we have developed over 100 proprietary function modules and 15 ecosystem partner function modules, including scan-to-order, cashier management, invoicing management, customer acquisition and retention, employee management, financial management, online store and delivery, customer relation management, service tracking, credit evaluation, etc. We use scalable API ports to develop a partner ecosystem so that merchants can seamlessly connect to other technology vendors through our merchant solutions platform. For instance, merchants can apply for operating loans from partnering financial institutions on our platform. Compared with traditional non-digital merchant services, our enterprise-standard digital merchant solutions give us competitive advantages in a highly-fragmented market. Our merchant solutions can be readily accessed from our payment mini-programs, Apps/ mobile applications, and hardware terminals, to guide merchants in proactively adopting more digital modules based on their operational needs in a one-stop manner to realize a seamless “payment +” digital operation experience. Also, our product interface is simple and user-friendly. The intuitive user experience allows small and medium merchants to use our merchant solutions with little guidance, further reducing our marginal customer acquisition cost, and increasing merchant adoption and retention rate. We uphold the pursuit of technological innovation and maintain speedy product launches and upgrades. Our product specialists and customer success teams have developed strong relationships with merchants through our payment business, and have a deep understanding of local merchants and consumer preferences. Through unique insights of our product specialists and customer success teams into local markets, we can provide more advanced analytical tools to merchants, and timely market intelligence to our product development team. Compared with traditional software services providers, the merchant solutions we developed focus on satisfying unique operational needs for merchants of different types. For instance, when some of our merchants faced poor in-store operating results during the Pandemic and were on the brink of closing down, we rapidly launched the “integrated food delivery” service, intelligently matching delivery resources of different platforms for merchants. The increased delivery capabilities and lowered delivery costs allow small and medium merchants to operate in omnichannel capacity and reduce operating loss brought by the Pandemic. Our modules are designed to address workflows and operations in different industries. For instance, highly customized ordering, and check-splitting for the food and beverage industry; and product identification and smart weighing solutions for the retail industry, which helped retailers reduce checkout time by over 30%. During the Reporting Period, the revenue from merchant solutions grew by 38.5% to RMB642.2 million. As of December 31, 2021, the number of active merchant solution customers increased to 1.38 million, up 53.3% year-on-year. Besides smart operations, small and medium merchants need more efficient ways to acquire and engage customers. We have developed precision marketing modules for merchants from a broad traffic source base. Through our data management platform (“DMP”) “Juliang” (“ ”), advertisements are placed on transaction completion pages, and our DMP generates multi-dimensional tags based on consumption habits and purchasing scenarios. The platform allows us to build predictive models to automatically recommend merchant brand names and performance-based advertisements using real-time bidding algorithm, which enables us to optimize the precise placement performance of advertisements while elevating our profitability. Further, our strong content creation capabilities allow us to offer high-quality graphic and text content, creative designs, and video shooting services for merchants. We integrate traffic from different scenarios to connect with leading traffic platforms such as WeChat, Kuaishou, and Toutiao to help merchants reach consumers on different channels and dimensions based on high-quality content. During the Reporting Period, we have shot and produced nearly 50,000 short videos. On top of basic subscription fees for merchant solutions, the average short video production cost for each merchant ranged from RMB500 to RMB2,000, allowing us to empower merchants with high value-added service. We are currently providing full business chain closed-loop services of Internet big data analytics, marketing strategy formulation, creative content production, media advertising and marketing effect monitoring and optimization. During the Reporting Period, we have launched live streaming service to boost our capabilities in content marketing services. To satisfy the working capital needs of merchants, we partner with licensed financial institutions to provide a cash advance program called “Yeahka Capital” under prudent loan policies for qualified merchants to access credit facilities of up to RMB300,000 to purchase inventory, invest in customer acquisition, and manage cash flow. Based on one-stop payment services and merchant solutions, we perform big data analytics and risk assessment on merchants’ operating conditions. During the Reporting Period, our fintech services M1+ delinquency rate by vintage (over 30 days overdue) remained below 3.29%, fully reflecting our strong data analysis and risk management capabilities based on our ecosystem. Also, we launched targeted insurance products, satisfying merchants’ demand for insurance in different scenarios, including account security insurance, employer’s liability insurance, Pandemic insurance, etc. Moreover, we are actively exploring the integration of commercial digitalized ecosystem and metaverse. Utilizing augmented reality and blockchain technologies, we launched several leisure games to help merchants better acquire customers and stimulate repeat purchases. For instance, we partner with Pagoda ( ), a large-scale fruit industry chain enterprise, to develop the game “Shuiguo Hehehe” ( ), which is incorporated into Pagoda’s mini-program. Our game has helped Pagoda reduce customer acquisition costs by 80% and contributed to 24.1% of its new customers in 18 days after launch. Going forward, our priority is to continue nurturing the habits of adopting digital solutions among small and medium merchants. Currently, the annual fee for the basic version of our merchant solutions starts from RMB100, and the annual fee for the premium version can be as high as ten times of the annual fee for the basic version. The premium version of merchant solutions provides enhanced tools and services for merchants. For instance, in premium version, merchants can activate the e-commerce module and, through the guidance of our local product specialists, formulate promotion packages that are most suitable for the local consumer habits and the merchants’ business conditions. These purposely designed promotion packages are launched on our e-commerce platform and are distributed to targeted consumers both online and offline. We believe this tiered pricing structure lowers the entry barrier for small and medium merchants to embrace digital operation, and provides us with the opportunity to offer premium merchant solutions with more powerful functions and promote the vigorous development of merchants across their development stages. The local lifestyle services market in China has huge growth potential. According to iResearch’s estimates published in 2020, the market size of the local lifestyle services market in China is expected to reach RMB35 trillion by 2025, implying a compounded annualized growth rate of 12.6% from 2020 to 2025, and the online penetration rate is expected to reach 30.8% in 2025. With the core belief to establish a commercial digitalized ecosystem, we officially launched in-store e-commerce services in December 2020 to connect merchants and consumers in this two-sided market to facilitate their interaction. Our goal is to foster a vibrant commerce community, let consumers discover fun and exclusive percipience of great value, and enable local lifestyle to thrive. We leverage the existing resources and capabilities in our ecosystem to launch in-store e-commerce services to grasp the opportunities in the fast-growing local lifestyle services market in China. On the consumer front, we provide them with an abundant selection of local lifestyle experiences at affordable prices. On the merchant front, we help them gain a deeper understanding of market trends and customer behavior, and help them reach hundreds of millions of consumers in China and overseas. With over ten years of experience working with merchants, as of December 31, 2021, we have accumulated approximately 7.3 million active payment service merchants of different nature including restaurants, retail outlets, tourist destinations, hotels, and other local hot spots. Merchants can readily upgrade their merchant solutions package to add in the in-store e-commerce module to design and list attractive, exclusive and discounted packages on our platform. As of December 31, 2021, we reached approximately 945 million consumers through payment services in offline scenarios. Such consumer base significantly lowers the customer acquisition costs for our platform and merchants. Particularly, consumers can use our App, Leshangquan ( ), to discover and purchase a wide range of local lifestyle experience packages at affordable price and access other member-exclusive features and benefits. We primarily promote through our members on their social networks and private domains. Our platform continuously adds diverse, novel, and value-for-money local lifestyle packages, and through operating strategies such as group purchase and reward points, members will proactively recommend more consumers (such as their family, friends and neighbors) to register as our users. They have common interests or similar lifestyles, and can increase the livelihood of our ecosystem through their interactions. Most of our members promote merchant packages via their social networks, and some of them have become influential key opinion leaders (“KOLs”) within their social networks, influencing the consumption choices of many others in their social circles. As of December 31, 2021, we have accumulated more than 3 million KOLs to promote merchants’ packages by sharing their own local lifestyle experiences. Our members are rewarded with cash incentives for each purchase referral, which further motivates them to promote merchants’ packages on their social networks. One of our core competencies of our in-store e-commerce services is the ability to utilize existing capabilities of our precision marketing services such as content creation and promotion on mainstream media, which include graphics design, text drafting, promotional short video shooting, live-streaming and advertisement optimization. Through our offerings, even the smallest merchants have the opportunity to take advantage of these services which were previously only available to large advertisers paying an average of RMB151,000, so as to promote their brands and merchant packages. Our KOLs can utilize these ready-to-use promotional materials such as pamphlets or posters to share short videos of themselves visiting the store, or live-stream on various social platforms which are seamlessly connected to our platform. These promotional methods based on KOLs provide a more interactive and immersive shopping experience on our platform and enable spreading of our discounted packages at lower costs. To better help merchants design popular packages, we have a dedicated team of over 2,000 in-market product specialists with extensive knowledge of local consumer preferences and competitive landscapes. We work closely with the merchants to design the best packages. We list the best products on the most appropriate customer acquisition channels to bring explosive sales outcomes. For example, we designed a super product ( ) for a well-known roast duck restaurant brand in Shenzhen and achieved GMV of nearly RMB600,000 in the first week of launch, an equivalent of 60% of the restaurant’s monthly revenue before using our service. In terms of pricing, our performance-based services do not charge upfront advertising fees. Instead, merchants can save the fees that they may have to pay on other platforms to provide products at the most competitive pricing. Our packages are usually 30% to 50% cheaper than those on other mainstream platforms that offer standardized advertisement services. We believe this pricing model aligns our interests with that of the merchants and offers pure performance-based services. Thanks to the differentiated advantages mentioned above, our in-store e-commerce business has recorded tremendous growth. As of December 31, 2021, our in-store e-commerce services had covered approximately 300 cities across China. For the year ended December 31, 2021, the total GMV, the revenue, the number of paying customers, and the stock keep units of our in-store e-commerce services amounted to RMB398 million, RMB148.2 million, 5.2 million, and 159,000, respectively. Below are screenshots of store visiting videos promoted by our KOLs: The in-store e-commerce business demonstrates our highly scalable digitalized ecosystem, effectively utilizing our resources including consumers of our payment services, sales agents, marketing solutions and product specialists. Going forward, we will strive to provide consumers with enriching lifestyle experiences that are value for money and empower merchants to reach hundreds of millions of consumers conveniently. We expect growth in in-store e-commerce business by continuously enhancing product categories, expanding operating channels, and improving operating efficiency. We expect the total GMV of in-store e-commerce services to be ranging from RMB2.8 billion to RMB3.5 billion for the year ended December 31, 2022. We envision our commercial digitalized ecosystem to benefit all parties involved, in which synergies among the products and services we provide can be leveraged to realize cross-selling, and gradually enabling us to create a close-looped ecosystem that has strong self-reinforcing network effects. Going forward, we will continue to capitalize on the data and traffic in our ecosystem, invest in research and development, enrich our product mix, increase diversified revenue streams, extend business boundaries, and create sustainable long-term value for shareholders, employees, and the society. As our ecosystem continues to evolve, we plan to expand our business into East Asian and Southeast Asian markets, including Japan and Singapore, to seek for further growth opportunities and to promote the development of the digital economy in China and beyond. For the year ended December 31, Fair value changes of financial assets or financial Profit for the year attributable to: We generate revenue primarily through our three main types of business, namely (i) one-stop payment services; (ii) merchant solutions; and (iii) in-store e-commerce services. Our revenue increased by 33.4% from RMB2,292.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2020 to RMB3,058.6 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, primarily due to the resilient recovery of our one-stop payment service from the impact of the Pandemic as well as the rapid growth in all three lines of business. The following table sets forth our revenue by business type for the years indicated: For the year ended December 31, Revenue from merchant solutions(1) Note: We have reclassified our technology-enabled business services to merchant solutions, which includes SaaS digital solutions, precision marketing services and fintech services. Revenue from our one-stop payment services increased by 24.0% from RMB1,829.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2020 to RMB2,268.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, primarily due to the increase in the total GPV we processed, our effective marketing and channel strategy and the increase in the number of active payment service merchants. We have reclassified our technology-enabled business services to merchant solutions, which includes SaaS digital solutions, precision marketing services and fintech services. Revenue from our merchant solutions increased by 38.5% from RMB463.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2020 to RMB642.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2021 as a result of the rapid growth in revenue from all types of our merchant solutions, which was driven by the increasing number of one-stop payment services customers that adopt our merchant solutions. We commenced to provide in-store e-commerce services in December 2020, and it has since grown rapidly. Revenue from in- store e-commerce services amounted to RMB148.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2021 due to the increase in the total GMV and the number of paying consumers brought by the synergy effect with other business lines and effective promotion. The following table sets forth a breakdown of our cost of revenue by nature for the years indicated: For the year ended December 31, Our cost of revenue increased by 44.8% from RMB1,549.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2020, to RMB2,244.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, primarily due to (i) the increase in commission paid to payment distribution channels following the increase in the total GPV we processed; (ii) the increase in commission paid to marketing distribution channels and partners resulting from the rapid expansion of our in-store e-commerce services; and (iii) the increase in raw materials and consumables in relation to merchant solutions services. The following table sets forth a breakdown of our cost of revenue by business type for the years indicated: For the year ended December 31, Merchant solutions(1) Note: We have reclassified our technology-enabled business services to merchant solutions, which includes SaaS digital solutions, precision marketing services and fintech services. The following table sets forth our gross profit and gross profit margin by business type for the years indicated: For the year ended December 31, Gross profit Merchant solutions(1) Note: We have reclassified our technology-enabled business services to merchant solutions. Our gross profit increased by 9.5% from RMB743.7 million for the year ended December 31, 2020 to RMB814.6 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. Our gross profit margin decreased from 32.4% for the year ended December 31, 2020 to 26.6% for the year ended December 31, 2021 as a result of the decrease in gross profit margin of our one-stop payment services. Gross profit margin of our one-stop payment services decreased from 26.4% for the year ended December 31, 2020 to 16.7% for the year ended December 31, 2021, primarily due to the increase in commission paid to sales agents and distributors. Gross profit margin of merchant solutions increased from 56.2% for the year ended December 31, 2020 to 59.5% for the year ended December 31, 2021. Gross profit margin of in-store e-commerce services amounted to 35.9% for the year ended December 31, 2021. Our selling expenses increased by 251.8% from RMB73.7 million for the year ended December 31, 2020 to RMB259.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, primarily due to (i) the increase in employee benefits as a result of the increase in headcounts of product specialists following the acquisition of Shenzhen Leshua Shangquan Technology Co., Ltd., and Beijing Chuangxinzhong in November 2020, and the acquisition of Dingding Cultural Tourism (Chengdu) Co., Ltd. ( ) (“Dingding Cultural Tourism”) in October 2021; and (ii) the increase in advertising and promotion expense as a result of promotion for our in-store e-commerce services. Please refer to the Company’s 2020 annual report for details of the acquisition of Shenzhen Leshua Shangquan Technology Co., Ltd., the Company’s announcements dated November 9, 2020 and November 30, 2020, and circular dated January 29, 2021 for details of the acquisition of Beijing Chuangxinzhong, and the Company’s announcement dated November 8, 2021 for details of the acquisition of Dingding Cultural Tourism. Our administrative expenses increased by 48.5% from RMB181.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2020 to RMB269.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, primarily due to (i) the increase in our employee benefits and our office and other administrative expenses as a result of the increase in our headcounts; and (ii) the increase in depreciation and amortization expense following an increase in long-term assets and leasehold property, partially offset by (iii) the decrease in listing expense. Our research and development expenses increased by 88.2% from RMB127.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2020 to RMB240.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, primarily due to the increase in our commitment to new business and product development and the increase in headcount, partially offset by the decrease in system development, consulting and data validation cost. Our impairment losses on financial and other assets increased by 20.3% from RMB50.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2020 to RMB60.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2021 because we prudently provided impairment based on the credit risk rates and receivable balance. Our other income increased by 59.6% from RMB13.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2020 to RMB21.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, primarily due to the increase in additional deduction on input value-added tax. For the year ended December 31, 2021, we recorded a gain of RMB332.2 million on the disposal of 60% equity interests in Shenzhen Zhizhanggui Cloud Service Co., Ltd. (“Zhizhanggui”). We recorded fair value changes of financial assets or financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss of RMB9.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2020 and RMB156.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2021 respectively, primarily due to the fair value gains from the investments in preferred shares and related financial instruments of an investment company, Fushi Technology (Shenzhen) Co., Ltd ( ). We recorded other gains — net of RMB18.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2020, primarily due to gains on our deemed disposal of an associate of RMB20.0 million. We recorded other losses — net of RMB13.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, primarily due to exchange rate losses. As a result of the foregoing, we recorded operating profit of RMB352.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2020 and RMB482.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. Our finance costs increased by 74.7% from RMB9.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2020 to RMB17.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, primarily due to an increase in interest expenses on our borrowings. Our share of losses of investments accounted for using the equity method increased by 34.9% from RMB14.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2020 to RMB18.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, primarily due to certain of our associates incurring loss in 2021. We recognized gains from fair value changes of the convertible redeemable preferred shares of RMB125.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2020 primarily due to the difference between the fair value of the convertible redeemable preferred shares as of December 31, 2020, which was based on independent valuer’s best estimate and that as of June 1, 2020, the date on which the preferred shares were converted into ordinary shares upon the listing of our shares on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the “Stock Exchange”). No gains from fair value changes of the convertible redeemable preferred shares were recorded for the year ended December 31, 2021. As a result of the foregoing, our profit before income tax decreased by 1.8% from RMB454.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2020 to RMB446.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. Our income tax expenses increased by 360.3% from RMB13.7 million for the year ended December 31, 2020 to RMB63.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. Our effective tax rate was 14.1% for the year ended December 31, 2021, primarily due to (i) the enterprise income tax levied on two of our profitable entities being qualified as “High and New Technology Enterprise”; and (ii) the corporate income tax exempted or deducted on three of our profitable entities being qualified as “Software Enterprise”. The effective tax rate for the year ended December 31, 2020 was 3.0%, primarily because gains from fair value changes of the preferred shares which was not subject to income taxes. As a result of the foregoing, our profit decreased by 13.0% from RMB440.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2020 to RMB383.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. We adopt the adjusted net profit, which is not required by or presented in accordance with IFRS as an additional financial measure to supplement our consolidated financial statements. We believe that the non-IFRS measures facilitate comparisons of operating performance from period to period and company to company, by eliminating potential impacts of items that our management does not consider indicative of our operating performance. We believe that the non-IFRS measures provide useful information to investors and others in understanding and evaluating our consolidated results of operations in the same manner as they help our management. However, our presentation of the adjusted net profit may not be comparable to similarly titled measures presented by other companies. The use of the non-IFRS measure has limitations as an analytical tool, and the investors and shareholders of the Company (the “Shareholders”) should not consider them in isolation from, or as substitute for analysis of, our results of operations or financial condition as reported under IFRS. We define adjusted net profit as profit for the period adjusted by adding (i) fair value changes of the preferred shares; (ii) share- based compensation expenses; and (iii) listing expenses. The following table illustrates reconciliations to our adjusted net profit from our profit for the years indicated: Unaudited For the year ended December 31, Add: Our adjusted net profit for the year increased by 20.6% from RMB360.6 million for the year ended December 31, 2020 to RMB434.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. This was primarily attributable to (i) the increase in the number of active payment service merchants from 5.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2020 to 7.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2021 following the resilient recovery of our one-stop payment service business from the Pandemic; and (ii) the growth of our merchant solutions, which had a higher profit margin as compared to one-stop payment services. Our total assets increased from RMB5,623.4 million as of December 31, 2020 to RMB6,755.8 million as of December 31, 2021. Our total liabilities increased from RMB2,456.5 million as of December 31, 2020 to RMB3,555.1 million as of December 31, 2021. Liabilities-to-assets ratio increased from 43.7% as of December 31, 2020 to 52.6% as of December 31, 2021. Our current ratio, being current assets divided by current liabilities as of the respective date, decreased from 2.16 as of December 31, 2020 to 1.65 as of December 31, 2021. The Group has adopted a prudent approach in financial resources management. For the year ended December 31, 2021, we financed our operations primarily through cash generated from business operations, bank borrowings and capital contributions from Shareholders. Our cash and cash equivalents decreased by 19.1% from RMB2,542.3 million as of December 31, 2020 to RMB2,057.9 million as of December 31, 2021, primarily attributable to (i) the payment to the trustee of the restricted share unit scheme to purchase shares of the Company on market and (ii) the cash used in operating activities for expanding in-store e-commerce services business. As of December 31, 2021, the cash and cash equivalents of the Group were mainly denominated in RMB and HKD. Our gearing ratio, being borrowings divided by total equity and multiplied by 100%, increased from 6.7% as of December 31, 2020 to 15.9% as of December 31, 2021, primarily attributable to the increased balance of borrowings as of December 31, Our capital expenditures primarily consist of payments for purchasing property, plant and equipment, intangible assets and payment terminals. Our total capital expenditures increased by 208.8% from RMB38.7 million for the year December 31, 2020 to RMB119.6 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. Our indebtedness mainly includes interest-bearing bank borrowings denominated in RMB. The following table sets forth a breakdown of our interest-bearing borrowings, lease liabilities and other payables due to creditors as of the dates indicated: As of December 31, As of December 31, 2021, we did not have any material contingent liabilities, guarantees or any litigations or claims of material importance, pending or threatened against any member of the Group that was likely to have a material and adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. As of December 31, 2021, we pledged account receivables of about RMB3.5 million to a bank to obtain a bank loan of RMB3.5 million. As we operate mainly in the PRC with most of the transactions settled in RMB, we consider that our business is not exposed to any significant foreign exchange risk as there are no significant financial assets or liabilities that are denominated in the currencies other than the respective functional currencies of the Group’s entities. We do not use any derivative contracts to hedge against our exposure to foreign exchange risk. We manage currency risks by closely monitoring the movement of the foreign currency rates and will take prudent measures to minimize the currency translation risk. On December 24, 2020, the Company as the purchaser, Source Winner Limited, Bright Usening Limited, Better One Limited, Nice Globe Limited and Summer.A Limited (collectively, the “Vendors”), and certain other parties thereto entered into a share purchase agreement, pursuant to which the Company agreed to purchase, and the Vendors agreed to sell sale shares representing the entire issued share capital of the CHUANGXINZHONG LTD, at a total consideration of RMB170,000,000. Completion took place on April 23, 2021 in accordance with the terms and conditions as set out in the share purchase agreement. The consideration was settled by (i) payment of RMB15,000,000 in cash; and (ii) the allotment and issue of 4,902,718 shares of the Company to the Vendors at the issue price of HKD37.50 per share. For further details, please refer to the Company’s announcements dated December 24, 2020, December 28, 2020, April 26, 2021 and circular dated January 29, 2021. As of December 31, 2021, the performance undertaking for the period from December 1, 2020 to November 30, 2021 provided by Mr. Qin Lingjin, Mr. Zhang Guoxian, Mr. Pei Xiao, Mr. Zhan Yang and the Vendors had been met. Disposal of equity interests of ZHIZHANGGUI and cessation of ZHIZHANGGUI as a subsidiary of the Company On June 28, 2021, Shenzhen Leshou Cloud Technology Co., Ltd ( ) as the vendor and Zhizhanggui, both being indirect wholly-owned subsidiaries of the Company, entered into a sale and purchase agreement with Fushi Technology (Shenzhen) Co., Ltd ( ), as the purchaser, an associated company of the Company, in relation to a disposal of Zhizhanggui’s 60% equity interests by the vendor to the purchaser. Completion took place on June 29, 2021 in accordance with the terms and conditions as set out in the sale and purchase agreement. The consideration was settled by (i) payment of RMB100,000,000 in cash; and (ii) the issue of shares in the said purchaser representing registered share capital of RMB2,292,986 to the vendor. After the disposal, Zhizhanggui ceases to be a subsidiary of the Company. For further details, please refer to the Company’s announcements dated May 10, 2021 and June 28, 2021. Acquisition of Dingding Cultural Tourism (Chengdu) Co., Ltd. In late October 2021, Shenzhen Leshou Cloud Technology Co., Ltd ( ) (“Shenzhen Leshou”), an indirect wholly owned subsidiary of the Company, as the investor, Dingding Cultural Tourism and certain other parties entered into an investment agreement pursuant to which, among others, Shenzhen Leshou agreed to contribute RMB100,000,000 to the registered capital and capital reserves of Dingding Cultural Tourism. After the investment, Shenzhen Leshou holds 60% of the enlarged share capital of Dingding Cultural Tourism. Completion took place on October 29, 2021 in accordance with the terms and conditions as set out in the investment agreement. Accordingly, Dingding Cultural Tourism becomes a subsidiary of the Group. For further details, please refer to the Company’s announcement dated November 8, 2021. Save as disclosed above, we did not conduct any material investments, acquisitions or disposals during the year ended December 31, 2021. In addition, save for the expansion plans as disclosed in (i) the sections headed “Business” and “Future Plans and Use of Proceeds” in the Prospectus; and (ii) the section headed “Use of Proceeds” in the Company’s announcement dated December 4, 2020, we have no specific plan for major investment or acquisition for major capital assets or other businesses. However, we will continue to identify new opportunities for business development. Save as disclosed in note 43 to the consolidated financial statements, there were no material events subsequent to December 31, 2021 which could have a material impact on our operating and financial performance as of the Latest Practicable Date. The Board did not recommend the payment of a final dividend for the year ended December 31, 2021. The AGM will be held on Friday, June 24, 2022. A notice convening the AGM will be published and dispatched to the Shareholders in the manner required by the Listing Rules in due course. For the purpose of ascertaining the members’ eligibility to attend and vote at the AGM, the Company’s register of members will be closed from Tuesday, June 21, 2022 to Friday, June 24, 2022, both dates inclusive, during which period no transfer of share will be registered. In order to be eligible to attend and vote at the AGM, unregistered holders of shares of the Company shall ensure that all transfer documents accompanied by the relevant share certificates must be lodged with the Company’s share registrar in Hong Kong, Computershare Hong Kong Investor Services Limited, at Shops 1712–1716, 17th Floor, Hopewell Centre, 183 Queen’s Road East, Wan Chai, Hong Kong for registration not later than 4:30 p.m. on Monday, June 20, 2022. The Company was incorporated in the Cayman Islands on September 8, 2011 as an exempted company with limited liability, and the shares were listed on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange on June 1, 2020. As of December 31, 2021, we had a total of 1,439 employees, substantially all of whom were based in China. Our success depends on our ability to attract, retain and motivate qualified personnel. The remuneration package for our employees generally includes salary and bonuses. We determine employee remuneration based on factors such as qualifications and years of experience. Employees also receive welfare benefits, including medical care, retirement benefits, occupational injury insurance and other miscellaneous items. We make contributions to mandatory social security funds for our employees to provide for retirement, medical, work-related injury, maternity and unemployment benefits. The Company was listed on the Stock Exchange on June 1, 2020. The net proceeds (after deducting underwriting fees and commissions and other expenses paid and payable by the Company in connection with the initial public offering) raised during our initial public offering amounted to approximately HKD1,698.8 million. The following table sets forth the status of the use of net proceeds from the initial public offering: Intended use of Percentage of intended use of proceeds Intended use from the offering(1) (In HKD millions) Actual usage for the year ended December 31, (In HKD millions) December 31, (In HKD millions) Unutilized net proceeds December 31, (In HKD millions) Implementing sales and marketing initiatives in China and overseas of 2022 solutions offerings(2) Enhancing our research and technology of 2022 Working capital and general Notes: The figures in the table are approximate figures. We have reclassified our technology-enabled business services to merchant solutions, which includes SaaS digital solutions, precision marketing services and fintech services. Reference is made to the Company’s announcements dated December 3, 2020, December 4, 2020, December 10, 2020 and December 17, 2020. The Group successfully raised total net proceeds (after deducting all applicable costs and expenses including commissions, professional fees and out-of-pocket expenses) of approximately HKD778.0 million through the top-up placing of 20,795,052 shares of the Company to not less than six professional, institutional and/or individual investors at the placing price of HKD37.88 per share on December 17, 2020. The following table sets forth the status of the use of net proceeds from the placing up to December 31, 2021: Percentage of intended use Intended use of proceeds from the placing(1) (In HKD millions) Actual usage for December 31, (In HKD millions) Actual usage up to December 31, (In HKD millions) Unutilized net proceeds December 31, (In HKD millions) Expected timeline for utilizing the remaining which are highly Recruiting business specialists and product managers in merchant solutions(2) By end of 2022 Strategic alliances with, service providers, including advertising platforms and By end of 2022 Working capital and general By end of 2022 Notes: The figures in the table are approximate figures. We have reclassified our technology-enabled business services to merchant solutions, which includes SaaS digital solutions, precision marketing services and fintech services. Certain amounts and percentage figures included in this annual report have been subject to rounding adjustments. Any discrepancies in any table between totals and sums of amounts listed therein are due to rounding. 