The board of directors (the “Board”) does not recommend the payment of an interim dividend for the six months ended 30 September 2009. There was no material change in the Group’s core business and operations during the six months ended 30 September 2009 from that disclosed in the Annual Report for the year ended 31 March 2009. The size of the global consumer market suffered a decline in early 2009 as a result of the continuation of the widespread global economic turmoil started in late 2008. During the first half of 2009/10, sales dropped significantly due to more cautious orders placed by our major customers in the United States and Europe. Even though turnover dropped significantly, we are seeing improvements in the net margin percentage, mainly due to gain on disposal of certain available-for-sale investments and change in fair value on investments held for trading as a result of the gradual recovery of global financial markets since the second quarter of 2009 and more effective cost control over the operation of the business of the Group. The Group is cautiously optimistic of an improvement in its business as it believes that the global economic environment is gradually improving. Furthermore, the more effective cost control implemented by the Group since 2008 will also contribute to reduce operation costs and improve profit margin for the rest of 2009 and the years beyond. Looking ahead, the Group is optimistic that sales will eventually pick up and be back to the levels prior to the 2008-2009 financial crisis as economic recovery gathers pace. The Group sees unique opportunities to consolidate its position as a premier packaging manufacturer as the packaging industry continues to evolve such that customers are becoming more cautious and stringent towards product safety and quality standards in view of the world’s call for environmental concerns, and more aware of social accountability. These developments favour larger, reputable manufacturers as the new standards, coupled with the financial downturn that dried up credit and sales, tend to further weaken or even wipe out smaller manufacturers in the region, and customers also seek to reduce such risks by consolidating their vendor base. With this in mind, the Group will continue to invest in quality and continue to upgrade its equipment and facilities to improve efficiency and ensure compliance with current and upcoming safety and environmental standards. It is the Group’s belief that continuous investment in facilities is key to success and sustainability in the manufacturing industry. The Group is currently developing new plant facilities in Qiao Tou, Dongguan, the People’s Republic of China (“PRC”). The Group believes that the new production facilities will increase the Group’s production capacity and thereby enable the Group to handle further demand from the Group’s customers and benefit from the economies of scales in the long run. In addition, the Group also plans to install new machinery at its new production facilities to cater for the needs of the more diversified product requirements of the customers. As the China economy continues to boom, and thus the growth of Mainland demand for high quality and luxury goods, the Group believes that China will not only be the ‘Factory of the World’, but that high quality brand names originating from the Mainland will also evolve. With its experience in the production of high quality packaging, the Group is well-positioned to capture this upcoming growth market and expand in this geographical segment. The Group’s revenue for the six months ended 30 September 2009 dropped by approximately 43.3% to approximately HK$53.4 million (2008: HK$94.1 million), the drop was mainly due to more cautious orders placed by our customers in the United States and Europe. The Group’s gross profit decreased to approximately HK$10.5 million (2008: HK$26.5 million) for the six months ended 30 September 2009. Gross profit margin also decreased from approximately 28.1% for the six months ended 30 September 2008 to approximately 19.7% for the six months ended 30 September 2009 primarily due to the increase in labour costs and additional manufacturing overheads incurred for the running of new plant facilities located in Qiao Tou, Dongguan, the PRC, which reduced the gross profit margin of the Group. Other Income, gain and loss, Change in Fair Value of Investments Held for Trading, Change in Fair Value of Derivative Financial Instruments, Impairment Loss Recognised in respect of Available-For-Sale Investments The Group invested in various types of financial instruments including fixed income and equity with a view to enhance overall return. As a result of the gradual recovery of global financial markets since the second quarter of 2009, a total net gain of approximately HK$13.3 million (2008: loss of approximately HK$11.7 million) was recorded in other income, gain and loss, change in fair value of investments held for trading, change in fair value of derivative financial instruments, impairment loss recognised in respect of available- for-sale investments and gain on disposal of available-for-sale investments. The Group’s distribution and selling costs as a percentage of turnover were approximately 2.6% (2008: 2.3%) for the six months ended 30 September 2009. The Group’s administrative expenses decreased by approximately 18.0% to approximately HK$13.4 million for the six months ended 30 September 2009 (2008: HK$16.3 million). The difference was mainly due to better cost control. The Group did not incur any finance costs for the six months ended 30 September 2009 (2008: HK$0.1 million). Hong Kong Profit Tax is calculated at 16.5% (six months ended 30 September 2008: 16.5%) of the estimated assessable profit for the period. Taxation arising in other jurisdictions is calculated at the rates prevailing in the relevant jurisdictions. The interim results of the Group for the six months ended 30 September 2009 recorded a profit of approximately HK$8.7 million as compared to a loss of HK$5.8 million for the corresponding period in 2008. Such profit is mainly due to gain on disposal of certain available-for-sale investments and change in fair value of investments held for trading. Details can be referred to in the corresponding paragraph. During the period, the Group has utilised part of its working capital to pay an investment deposit of US$7.74 million (equivalent to approximately HK$60.00 million) in accordance with the sale and purchase agreement (“S&P Agreement”) dated 1 September 2009 with Real Power Holdings Limited and TRXY Development (HK) Limited, both of which are independent third parties. Please refer to the paragraph below headed “Capital Commitment and Contingent Liabilities” for more details of the transaction. Other than that, there was no material change in the Group’s position in relation to liquidity, capital structure and financial resources as disclosed in the Annual Report for the year ended 31 March 2009. The cash flow of the Group remained healthy during the period with cash and cash equivalents as at 30 September 2009 amounted to approximately HK$40.7 million (31 March 2009: HK$54.7 million). Gearing ratio (a ratio of total borrowings to total assets other than goodwill) as at 30 September 2009 was maintained at a minimum level of 0.0% (31 March 2009: 0.0%). As At 30 September 2009, the Group did not have any outstanding investment schemes and bank borrowings and did not utilise any of the banking facilities granted. On 1 September 2009, Win Team Investments Limited (“Win Team”), a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company entered into the S&P Agreement with Real Power Holdings Limited and TRXY Development (HK) Limited, both of which are independent third parties. Pursuant to the S&P Agreement, Win Team will acquire the entire issued share capital of Merrymaking Investments Limited and Pleasing Results Limited (the “Acquisition”), which are investment holding companies with its subsidiaries principally engaged in coal mining business in Inner Mongolia Autonomous Region, the PRC, at an aggregate consideration of US$210 million (equivalent to approximately HK$1,627.74 million). The total consideration for the Acquisition will be satisfied by US$37.74 million (equivalent to approximately HK$292.53 million) in cash, US$45.78 million (equivalent to approximately HK$354.85 million) by issue of new shares of the Company and US$126.48 million (equivalent to approximately HK$980.36 million) by issue of convertible notes. Win Team has paid an investment deposit of US$7.74 million (equivalent to approximately HK$60.00 million) as at the period end date in accordance with the S&P Agreement. The completion of the Acquisition is subject to the fulfillment of the conditions set forth in the S&P Agreement including but not limited to, the proposed placing of the new shares of the Company with a gross proceeds of not less than US$90 million (equivalent to HK$697.60 million) and the approval from shareholders in the extraordinary shareholders’ meeting. The transactions have not yet been completed as at the date of this report. Details of the Acquisition are more particularly set out in the Company’s announcement dated 7 September 2009. The Group had no material contingent liabilities as at the close of business on 30 September 2009. The net foreign exchange gain of the Group for the six months ended 30 September 2009 was approximately HK$1.6 million compared to the net foreign exchange loss of approximately HK$3.7 million for the corresponding period in 2008. The Group’s sales are denominated in United States dollars (“USD”), Euro (“EUR”) and Hong Kong dollars (“HKD”). The Group’s purchases and expenses are mostly denominated in HKD and Renminbi (“RMB”), and some in EUR and USD. The Group has certain foreign currency bank balances, investments held for trading, available-for-sale investments and investment in foreign operations, which are exposed to foreign currency exchange risk. As HKD is pegged to USD, the Group does not expect any significant foreign currency exposure arising from the fluctuation of the USD/HKD exchange rates. During the six months ended 30 September 2009, HKD against EUR have experienced a weakening of approximately 7.2%. The favourable currency exchange rate movement has had a positive impact on the Group’s results. Except as disclosed, there was no material change in the Group’s position in relation to foreign exchange exposure as disclosed in the Annual Report for the year ended 31 March 2009. As at 30 September 2009, the Group had a total of approximately 1,188 employees in the PRC, Hong Kong and France. Remuneration packages for the employees are maintained at a competitive level in the relevant jurisdiction, within which employees are attracted, retained and motivated. Remuneration packages are reviewed periodically. A summary of the share option schemes of the Group is set out in note 17 to the condensed consolidated financial statements. The Group did not have any significant investments, material acquisitions and disposals during the six months ended 30 September 2009. 