Following the acquisition of the remaining 51% interest in Igor’s in March this year, the performance of Igor’s has been fully consolidated into the Group’s results beginning 1st April 2009. Revenue of the Group for the six months ended 30th September 2009 thus increased 59.7% to HK$257 million. During the period, as a result of a recovery in the ﬁ nancial market, the Group recorded a marked improvement in its investment in securities, resulting in a segment result of HK$3.1 million proﬁ t as compared to HK$14.5 million loss for the same As a result of the decision to amortise the Group’s trademark of Paciﬁ c Coffee beginning from this ﬁ nancial year, the combined results of the food and beverages business (combined results include segment result and share of results of associates) recorded a loss of HK$0.3 million for the period after absorbing amortisation of trademarks of HK$3.9 million compared to a proﬁ t of HK$2.1 million for the same In total, the Group recorded HK$0.7 million proﬁ t for the period under review as compared to HK$14.4 million loss for the same period last year. Earnings per share was HK0.31 cent as compared to loss per share of HK6.70 cents for the same Paciﬁ c Coffee operated 78 coffeehouses as of 30th September 2009, comprising of 72 stores in Hong Kong, 4 in Singapore and 2 in Mainland China. During the period, Paciﬁ c Coffee in Hong Kong recorded an average same store sales drop of 7.5%, mainly affected by declines at tourist locations and ﬁ nancial districts. Despite the difﬁ cult environment, Paciﬁ c Coffee maintained moderate growth in coffeehouse locations with 4 new openings during the period. At the same time, overseas operations in Singapore, Beijing and Shanghai recorded signiﬁ cant improvements after closures of unproﬁ table stores and restructuring of management. Although Paciﬁ c Coffee has reduced company owned operations overseas, it has made a reasonable progress in its franchise operations. The ﬁ rst and second franchise stores in Macau and Foshan, China opened in July this year. The Group has also recently signed up a franchise for Malaysia, taking the total committed development plan in the region from 50 to 100 stores in the next 10 years. The Group anticipates additional franchises to be signed up during the year and in subsequent years to further strengthen its footprint in the region and to create a new revenue and income stream for the Group. Interim Report 2009/10 FOOD AND BEVERAGES (continued) Igor’s operated 33 outlets in total as of 30th September 2009, including restaurants, restaurant bars as well as 7 Wildﬁ re’s chain stores, all of which are located in Hong Kong. Igor’s also operates a central kitchen under the name of Blu Catering which supplies to Paciﬁ c Coffee as well as various customers with small to medium catering needs. In view of the sluggish economic condition, Igor’s recorded an average same store sales drop of 15.6%. In addition to tighter cost control policies, the Group has begun to install management systems with the aim to increase efﬁ ciency in Igor’s as well as to bring out potential synergies with Paciﬁ c Coffee. With the rebound of the global ﬁ nancial market in the second and third quarters of 2009, the Group’s investment in securities resulted in a segment proﬁ t of HK$3.1 million (2008: a loss of HK$14.5 million). The Group will exercise a conservative approach to capture any realisation opportunities as markets had recovered by a satisfactory range from its low points to a level closer to pre-tsunami level. With the signs of recovery in the economy as well as with the seasonal factor slightly in favour of the second half of the ﬁ nancial year, the Group holds an optimistic but cautious approach for the second half of the year. With a combined operation of 105 outlets in Hong Kong, the Group has become a key player in the food and beverages market. The Group will further strengthen its operations in Hong Kong to continue to increase its footprint in the city with Paciﬁ c Coffee, existing bar and restaurant concepts in Igor’s as well as new concepts to be developed or brought in from overseas. The pace of the organic expansion of the Group in Hong Kong will depend on the speed of recovery of the Hong Kong economy. In the medium and long term, the Group is optimistic of the new income source to be generated from the franchising of Paciﬁ c Coffee in the overseas market. The management will carefully balance the speed of expansion against the importance of ensuring the quality of service, products and store environment so as to ensure a healthy and sustainable long term development. Subsequent to the period end, the Group has completed the acquisition of 100% interest in Great Dragon on 2nd October 2009 that is engaged in trading of crude oil and oil related products. By leveraging the connections and technical know how, the Group is well positioned in tapping business opportunities that may arise in the trading of crude oil and oil related products. Igor’s Blu Catering Pacific Coffee Pacific Coffee、Igor’s 