exchange gains for the six months ended 30 September 2009, as compared to the significant net foreign exchange gains of approximately HK$4.5 million for the six months ended 30 September 2008. The Group has been focusing its development on energy and precious metal resources businesses. The following sets out briefly the progress of these projects, which the Group has been working on. CNPC Sino Prosper Petroleum and Gas Company Ltd (“CNPC”) CNPC, a 95%-owned subsidiary of the Group, is principally engaged in the wholesale and commission agency of fuel oil and related supporting and consultation services in the PRC. During the six months ended 30 September 2009, a total of approximately RMB1.4 million was further injected by the joint venture parties as part of its entire registered capital of RMB50 million. Up to 30 September 2009, an aggregate of RMB13.5 million had been injected by the joint venture parties. During the six months ended 30 September 2009, CNPC recorded a turnover of approximately RMB10.1 million (equivalent to approximately HK$11.4 million). P.T. Sino Prosper Indocarbon (“Indocarbon”), a 65%-owned subsidiary of the Group, has been engaged in mineral resources exploration project in Indonesia. Indocarbon owns the right to carry out general exploration in bitumen mines covering a total of 22,076 hectares of land in North Buton, Indonesia, and has been granted four licences by the Government of the North Buton Administrative Region to conduct regional detailed exploration work within the exploratory area. These licences are valid for three years from 6 November 2007 and can be extended for another two years upon expiry. Due to the financial tsunami and significant fluctuation of oil price, the Group has slowed down exploration works of the bitumen mines. In light of the change of economic conditions and the trend of oil price, the Group will carefully re-evaluate the progress of the exploration works in 2010. During the six months ended 30 September 2009, no turnover was generated by Indocarbon. Hainan Tairui Mining Development Company Limited (“Hainan Tairui”) Hainan Tairui, a 95%-owned subsidiary of the Group, has the requisite licence for processing of minerals and for the mining, smelting as well as the sales of ferrous and non-ferrous products in the PRC. Due to serious economic downturn since late 2008, customers’ demand on copper concentrate had dropped substantially. The sales teams then stopped the trading of copper concentrate powder and commenced to explore business opportunity in the trading of ferrous and non-ferrous products. During the six months ended 30 September 2009, no turnover was generated by Hainan Tairui. Proposed Investment and Termination of Investment in Iron Mines Project in Hebei Province, the On 10 June 2008, Sino Prosper Minerals Investment Limited (the “Purchaser”), a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Group, entered into an acquisition agreement (“2008 Acquisition Agreement”) (and supplemented by a supplemental agreement dated 27 August 2008) with Mr. Leung Ngai Man (the “Vendor”), an executive Director and a substantial shareholder of the Company, for the acquisition of, amongst other, Agortex Development Limited (“Agortex”), at a total consideration of RMB230 million (equivalent to approximately HK$258 million). The sole asset of Agortex is the entire issued share capital of Fordtec Investment Limited, which owns (Zhonglianying (Dalian) Industry Co., Ltd.) (“WFOE”). The acquisition would only be completed conditional upon, amongst others, the obtaining of a valuation report showing the value of the project of WFOE, comprising a mining portion, an exploration portion and a product processing portion, to be not less than RMB370 million. The Vendor is a connected person by virtue of him being a Director and a substantial shareholder of the Company. As such, the acquisition constituted a connected transaction of the Company under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules. The acquisition also constituted a very substantial acquisition of the Company under Chapter 14 of the Listing Rules. On 8 May 2009, the Company received a letter from the independent valuer which stated that the worth of the project of WFOE would be significantly lower than the estimation made in 2008. After careful consideration, the Directors (including the independent non-executive Directors) were of the view that it would not be in the interest of the Company to pursue the 2008 Acquisition Agreement. The Vendor and the Purchaser thus entered into a termination deed, whereby the Purchaser and the Vendor had mutually agreed to terminate the 2008 Acquisition Agreement with effect from 11 May 2009 in accordance with its terms. On 17 April 2009, Sino Prosper (States Gold) Investment Limited (the “Purchaser SG”), a wholly- owned subsidiary of the Group, entered into an acquisition agreement (“2009 Acquisition Agreement”) with the Vendor for the acquisition (“2009 Acquisition”) of Nice Think Group Limited, a company incorporated in the British Virgin Islands (“Target BVI”), and the obligations, liabilities and debts owing by Target BVI to the Vendor on or prior to completion of the 2009 Acquisition at a total consideration of RMB360 million (equivalent to approximately HK$409.1 million) (after adjustment). The consideration of RMB120 million (equivalent to approximately HK$136.4 million) is agreed to be settled by Purchaser SG procuring the Company to issue convertible bonds to the Vendor and the remaining consideration of RMB240 million (equivalent to approximately HK$272.7 million) is agreed to be settled by Purchaser SG (or the Company) issuing promissory note to the Vendor. 