Beijing Gas Group Company Limited (“Beijing Gas”) recorded a gas sales volume of 5.69 billion cubic meters in 2009, representing a year-on-year growth of 16.4%. The revenue amounted to HK$11.94 billion, representing a year-on-year growth of 17.6%. Profit after taxation from gas distribution business was HK$734 million, representing a year-on- year growth of 29.3%. The continuing stable growth and development in gas distribution business in Beijing was due to the optimal long-term planning and capital investment. In 2009, there were approximately 242,563 new subscribers, of which 239,630 were household subscribers and 2,500 were public sector subscribers. Our fuel gas equipment capacity was 2,653 t/h steam. The growth in different types of subscribers had exceeded our target. During the year, we completed two municipal government dedicated projects including the connection of gas pipes in old buildings for 100,000 subscribers and Phase II of 6th Ring Road Gas Project. During the year, Beijing Gas optimised its organization structure and further strengthened its fundamental management. During the year, Beijing Gas completed the infrastructure investment of HK$659 million, the newly built 175.4 kilometers pipelines, and the technological improvement overhaul project investment of HK$265 million, thus ensuring the safe operation of pipeline network. The sales volume analysis of Beijing Gas during the year are as follows:– For the twelve months ended 31 December 2009 Thousand BUSINESS REVIEW (continued) Natural Gas Distribution Business (continued) Cogeneration Power Plants Household Heating 45.8% In respect of market development, we intensified our efforts in developing the Beijing suburban market. Following the registration of Beijing Gas Ping Gu Company Limited on 20 August 2009, Beijing Gas had signed the co-operation framework agreement with the governments in Miyun county and Huairou district one after another and carried out the acquisitions of the existing gas pipeline assets at Fangshan district, and established a solid development momentum in the sub-urban market. For regional expansion, we strengthened our strategic presence in Shangdong gas market during the year and invested HK$226 million in Shandong Natural Gas Pipeline Network Investment Company Limited . Beijing Gas Group Shandong Company Limited , a jointly controlled entity of Beijing Gas had commenced the construction of long distance gas pipelines in Rushan, Wendeng and Rongcheng. Moreover, the Company carried out multi-level strategic co-operation with PetroChina Company Limited (“PetroChina”), developed the Jinzhou gas market together with Liaohe Oil Field and explored the project co-operation with Kunlun Gas Company in Shandong, North Eastern and Hebei regions. PetroChina Beijing Natural Gas Pipeline Company Limited (“PetroChina Beijing Pipeline Co.”), a company in which Beijing Gas holds 40% of its interests, achieved a gas transmission volume of 14.39 billion cubic meters in 2009, a year-on-year increase of 18%. Profit after taxation attributable to the Company amounted to HK$1.092 billion, a year-on-year increase of 19.6%. The moderate increase was mainly attributable to the increase in amortisation after the completion of compression project for Shaanxi-Beijing Gas Pipelines. During the year, Beijing Gas increased its investment in PetroChina Beijing Pipeline Co. by HK$520 million, the fund was used for the strategic investments such as construction of No. 3 Shaanxi-Beijing gas transmission project and the underground gas storages project in Central Northern China for improving the gas transmission capability. In October 2009, the comprehensive compression project for No. 2 Shaanxi-Beijing Pipeline was duly completed, and the integrated transmission capacity was expanded to 20 billion cubic meters per annum, with total investments exceeding HK$5 billion. Besides, the Datang coal-based natural gas project in Keshiketengqi had commenced its construction. BUSINESS REVIEW (continued) Beijing Yanjing Brewery Co., Ltd. (“Yanjing Beer”) achieved excellent results in 2009, with sales volume of beer reached 4.67 million thousand-litres, representing a year-on-year increase of 11.45% and above the industry average growth rate of 7%. Sales revenue amounted to HK$9.758 billion, marking an increase of 15.2% from last year. Profit attributable to shareholders of the Company was approximately HK$341 million, marking an increase of 62% from last year, and continued to maintain a positive growth momentum in terms of faster sales revenue increase over its sale volume growth and faster profit increase over its sales revenue growth. Yanjing Beer maintained its 85% market share in Beijing market, with both its production and sales volume hitting historic high. The sales volume increase was significant outside Beijing with sales volume of beer products reaching 3.45 million thousand-litres, representing a year-on-year increase of 11%. Sales growth in major regional markets like Guangxi, Inner Mongolia and Fujian remained stable. After its certain restructing exercise, sales in Guangdong market had reached 0.31 million thousand-litres, representing a year-on-year increase of 55%. In terms of brand strategy, Yanjing Beer continues to promote the strategy of “1+3”, where “Yanjing” brand keeps on strengthening as a national major brand, the strengths of three regional brands, Liquan , Huiquan and Xuelu , continued to grow, thereby enhancing significantly the integrating efforts of the “Yanjing” beer brand. Among which, sales volume under “Yanjing” brand beer was 2.68 million thousand-litres, representing nearly 60% of the Group’s total sales volume; sales volume of beer of “1+3” brand was 4.14 million thousand-litres, representing approximately 90% of the Group’s total sales volume. For the product structure, based on the unique features in different regions and the on-going changes in the demand structure of places of consumption and consumers, Yanjing Beer strived to develop new products with high technology and high added value and improved the ratio of its medium to high end beer products in order to establish a premium product image. The sales ratio of high end products like Yanjing Wuchun and Yanjing Chunsheng had increased steadily. New products like Bingchun and Party beer packaged in aluminium cans were well received among young consumers. During the reporting period, Yanjing Beer obtained the “High-tech Enterprise Certification” successfully, and its income tax rate was reduced from 25% to 15%. It’s key subsidiaries are also applying for the high-tech certifications. The above is beneficial to the results of Yanjing Beer where the brand name and influence of the Company can be enhanced. BUSINESS REVIEW (continued) The sewage treatment business of the Group is mainly carried out through our 57.35% owned subsidiary Beijing Enterprises Water Group Limited (“BE Water”) (stock code: 371). The business of BE Water continued to develop rapidly in 2009, and by end of the year, BE Water had already participated 47 sewage treatment projects in total. Its planned daily sewage treatment capacity is 3.14 million tons, a growth of 1.66 million tons over last year. The daily treatment capacity of BE Water in operation in late 2009 was 1.62 million tons. The total actual treatment volume of the year was 384 million tons, or an daily weighted average treatment volume of approximately 1.16 million tons, with weighted average utilization rate of approximately 72%. Revenue from operation of BE water in 2009 was HK$1.73 billion, representing a 4.3 times growth over last year. Profit attributable to shareholders of the Company was approximately HK$114 million, representing a 2 times growth over last year. As for water purification business, net profit of water concession of Beijing No. 9 Water Treatment Plant attributable to the Group was HK$154 million (2008: HK$148 million, as restated). The toll charging traffic volume of the Airport Expressway in 2009 was down by 2.25 million vehicles, with a total 37.56 million. This was due to the implementation of a one-way payment system for return trip of vehicles leaving Beijing at Tianzhu Terminal of Capital Airport Expressway and charges reduced by 50% at Yang Lin Terminal since October 2009. The toll revenue in 2009 amounted to HK$332 million, representing a year-on-year decrease of 14.5%. Profit attributable to shareholders of the Company was HK$109 million, posting a year-on-year decline of 32.2%. In 2009, the traffic volume of Shenzhen Shiguan Road was 8.35 million vehicles, down by 11% from 2008. Operating profit amounted to HK$3.13 million, decreased by 83.1% from last year. The development of the ten sub-urban districts and counties in Beijing by Beijing Gas is progressing well with main trunk lines construction in sub-urban districts completed one after another. This has supported the long-term gas consumption growth in Greater Beijing district. As the political, cultural and financial service center of China, the Beijing property sector is developing vigorously. The number of resident subscribers will grow steadily and civilian gas demand in city districts will also have a corresponding growth. On the other hand, the National Development and Reform Commission is studying the proposal of transforming the three fire-electrical power plants into natural gas plants in early 2010 and that will further enhance the long-term demand of natural gas. The ratio of natural gas consumption for power generation purpose will continue to increase. As Beijing is pushing very hard to develop clean energy resources, the re-structuring of Oven Room and the facilitation of Tri-generation System will increase the demand for gas. PetroChina Beijing Pipeline Co. had completed the construction of the important gas storage facility projects like the No. 2 Shaanxi-Beijing Pipeline compression project, Yong Tang Qin extension line and Beijing No. 58 Project. The annual comprehensive gas transmission capacity of No. 1 and 2 Shaanxi-Beijing Pipeline had already exceeded 20 billion cubic meters and is able to meet the growing demand in next two years. The construction works of No. 3 Shaanxi-Beijing gas transmission project are progressing smoothly and part of the gas transmission facilities are expected to commence its commercial operation by end of 2010. The strength of Yanjing Beer as a national brand name becomes stronger and stronger and is very encouraging in the development of Yanjing Beer business. Yanjing Beer will continue its regional markets integration and product range optimisation. Both the sales volume and profitability are expected to achieve a stable growth. Furthermore, Yanjing Beer will continue to invest and expand its productivity with a medium to long term target of reaching a production capacity of 8 million thousand-litres. PROSPECTS (continued) BE Water will push forward the construction works of the authorised water treatment projects aggressively and speed up the improvement of our sewage treatment capabilities. The sewage treatment projects are developing rapidly and both the revenue and profitability of BE Water will maintain a rapid growth. Tianzhu Terminal of Capital Airport Expressway had commenced its one-way payment policy for return trip of vehicles leaving Beijing and tolled traffic volume had decreased significantly. Both the traffic volume and profit of Shenzhen Shiguan Toll Road continue to decline with lack luster prospects. In view of the unpromising development prospect of the two tolled roads, the Group will exit these businesses should opportunities arise and will invest our resources into those businesses with more promising prospects. The revenue of the Group’s continuing operations in 2009 was approximately HK$24.21 billion, increased by 22.9% compared with the revenue of HK$19.704 billion in 2008. This was mainly driven by the stable growth of Beijing Gas’ revenue and Yanjing Beer’s revenue. Other business contributed an aggregate of not more than 11 % of the total revenue. Cost of sales increased by 21.7% to HK$18.502 billion. The cost of sales for gas distribution business included purchase cost of natural gas as well as depreciation of piped line network. Cost of sales of beer operations includes raw materials, wage expenses and absorption of certain indirect overhead. Overall gross profit margin was 23.9% compared to 22.9% in 2008. The increase in gross profit margin was mainly due to increase in the average selling price of Yanjing Beer and decrease in cost of raw materials. Natural gas distribution business had average gross profit margin of approximately 15.1% which is lower than the higher margin brewery business, toll road and water business due to different direct cost structure. The improvement in gross profit margin of natural gas distribution business of Beijing Gas compared with that of last year was mainly due to the slight increase in unit gas selling price to electricity plant and heating subscribers who accounted for significant percentage of sales volume. Other income mainly comprised of total interest income amounted to HK$90 million; gain on disposal of 26.55% interests in Beijing Peking University WBL Biotech Co., Ltd. amounted to HK$63.11 million; government grants and other gains in aggregate amounted to HK$246 million. FINANCIAL REVIEW (continued) Selling and distribution costs of the Group in 2009 increased by 19% to HK$1.36 billion and was mainly due to introduction of more new products of Yanjing Beer during the year and rapid increase in marketing expenses. Administration expenses of the Group in 2009 was HK$1.79 billion, increased by 23.1% comparing to last year. The increase in administration expenses was mainly due to the continuing expansion of the scale of Yanjing Beer business and sewage treatment operation and increase in related wages and fixed costs. Finance costs of the Group in 2009 was HK$364 million, decreased by 10.7% comparing to HK$407 million in 2008, which was mainly due to decrease in the borrowings of Yanjing Beer, a subsidiary of the Group. This mainly represents the 40% share of the profit after taxation of PetroChina Beijing Pipeline Co. PetroChina Beijing Pipeline Co. is 40% owned by Beijing Gas and 60% owned by PetroChina. The primary business of PetroChina Beijing Pipeline Co. is natural gas transmission which supplies natural gas to city gas operators along the two long piped lines with an approximate total length of 2,200 kilometers owned by PetroChina Beijing Pipeline Co. The slight decrease in gross profit margin of PetroChina Beijing Pipeline Co. was mainly due to the increase in the proportion of transmission to nearby city and amortization of capital expenditures of compression project. The Group’s share of net losses of a major associate company, Beijing Development (Hong Kong) Limited, amounted to HK$33.52 million in 2009. After deducting the non-taxable other income of more than HK$371 million, the effective income tax rate is approximately 17.3%. The decrease in effective income tax rate in 2009 was mainly due to the decrease from 25% to 15% in income tax rate of Yanjing Beer by reason of obtaining the Certificate of High-Tech Enterprise in that company. The profit attributable to the shareholders of the Company for the year ended 31 December 2009 was HK$2.399 billion (2008: HK$2.282 billion). As at 31 December 2009, cash and bank deposits held by the Group amounted to HK$9.486 billion. At the end of the reporting period, the Group had a strong net working capital of HK$5.292 billion. The Group will maintain sufficient banking facilities for its working capital requirement and has sufficient cash resources to finance its capital expenditures in the foreseeable future. The Group’s bank and other borrowings amounted to HK$11.02 billion as at 31 December 2009, which mainly comprised of five year syndicated loans amounting to HK$2.1 billion with the rest working capital loans of HK$6.2 billion denominated in Renminbi and Hong Kong dollars. Around 31.3% of the bank loans were denominated in Hong Kong dollars with the rest mainly in Renminbi. The Group was in a net bank and other borrowings position of HK$1.186 billion as at 31 December 2009. The downstream gas distribution business and brewery business has been constantly contributing to the operating cash flow of the Group and significantly increased its liquidity. During the year under review, there was no significant movement in the issued capital of the Company. As at the end of 2009, the issued capital of the Company amounted to 1,137,371,000 shares and the shareholders’ equity grew to HK$31.305 billion. Total equity was HK$39.017 billion comparing to HK$36.31 billion as at the end of 2008. Given the primarily cash nature business of gas distribution, toll roads, brewery and water concession, the Group is benefiting from very strong recurring cash flow and is well positioned to capture investment opportunities in the future. The Group will continue its stable dividend distribution policy and at least 30% of its recurring earnings per share will be used for dividend distribution. 