“...while carrying out effective marketing strategies, ... the Group’s profitability continued to be strong.” China recorded steady growth in 2009 against the backdrop of global economic recession. Thanks to the effective economic stimulus measures implemented by the Central Government, the domestic market saw impressive growth momentum. The Group adhered to its cautious business approach with a modest expansion of sales network, while carrying out effective marketing strategies, thereby maintaining its strong growth in profitability, the Group’s profitability continued to be strong. For the year ended 31 December 2009 (the “Current Year”), the Group posted revenue of HK$1,176.1 million, representing a year-on-year growth of 20.8%. Profit attributable to owners of the Company surged by 58.6% to HK$114.2 million as compared to the year ended 31 December 2008 (the “Prior Year”). Basic earnings per share of the Company grew substantially by 58.4% to HK28.44 cents (2008: HK17.95 cents) per share. The Board of Directors of the Company has resolved to declare a final dividend of HK5.0 cents (2008: HK3.0 cents) and a special dividend of HK2.0 cents (2008: HK3.0 cents) per share for the Current Year. The younger brand, FANDECIE, continued to be one of the key growth drivers of the Group in the Current Year, and attracted most of the young customers with its competitive pricing strategy and rising brand awareness. The Group also organised a series of promotional campaigns for FANDECIE during the Current Year in order to strengthen the brand. The Group continued to promote and consolidate its three major brands, namely EMBRY FORM, FANDECIE and COMFIT in an effort of maintaining the long-term growth momentum. During the Current Year, the Group sought to increase the brand awareness, refine the image of its brands and enhance brand equity by organising various promotional campaigns in department stores or shopping malls. Aside from participating in regular lingerie trade fairs, the Group also carried out various promotional-oriented activities for its brands during the Current Year, including “Embry Form Lingerie Roadshow” (“ ”) in Beijing, Tianjin, Guangzhou and Hangzhou for EMBRY FORM, its signature brand. Furthermore, “Embry Form Show in Wuxi – Sharing the Secrets of Beauty” (“ ”) also received positive feedback from customers. The response to the marketing event, called “Q-Sexy Night”, for the younger brand FANDECIE was also overwhelming, which attracted more than 200 senior management representatives from various department stores nationwide to participate. In order to fuel the frenzy of “Q-Sexy” fads and deepen customers’ perception of the FANDECIE brand, the Group organised “Fandecie Lingerie Show in Shanghai” (“ ”) in the Current Year, which also successfully attracted many customers. Various marketing events received excellent response, which enabled the Group to maintain its growth momentum in the long run. In light of the changes in overall economic conditions and pace of development, the Group continued to adopt a cautious but effective approach in enhancing its sales network and sought to expand the network coverage by strategically increasing the number of retail outlets during the Current Year. The Group had a net increase of 123 retail outlets nationwide during the Current Year. As at 31 December 2009, the Group operated a total number of 1,680 retail outlets, which comprised 1,534 concessionary counters and 146 retail shops. Always striving for excellence, the Group continued to devote resources to the design, research and development of quality products that meet market needs. By fulfilling the ever-growing consumer demand, the Group has been able to create value and generate returns. During the Current Year, the Group has launched various product collections with its unique and patented designs such as Heart Space Design, 3D Contour Support, Supportflex, Breathable Cup, Invisible Cup, Intelligent Straps, Seamless Back and Self-Lock Antiskid Adjusting Buckle in response to market trends and customer preferences. All these products with patented designs were widely popular among customers. As at 31 December 2009, the Group had 21 applications patents and 13 appearance design patents registered in China and/or elsewhere in the world. With the additional production capacity brought by the Group’s new factory in Jinan City, Shandong Province (the “Shandong Factory”), the Group will be able to achieve economies of scale and better efficiency, while catering for the rising market demand. As at 31 December 2009, the annual production capacity of the Group’s production bases remained at 14.8 million standard product units in aggregate. For the Current Year, EMBRY FORM was named “The Best-Selling Lingerie Products in the Industry in China in terms of Volume, Sales and Market Share” for fourteen consecutive years by the China Industrial Information Issuing Centre ( ) (the “Issuing Centre”) in China. The Group’s younger brand FANDECIE was also accredited with the “Top 10 Best Sellers in the Industry in China” award for four consecutive years by the Issuing Centre. In addition, EMBRY FORM was granted the “Superbrands” status by Superbrands Hong Kong from 2005–2009 and accredited as the “Hong Kong Top Brand” by the Hong Kong Brand Development Council and The Chinese Manufacturers’ Association of Hong Kong for three consecutive years. All these accolades speak volumes for the Group’s excellent reputation and leading market position. As at 31 December 2009, the Group had approximately 6,900 employees (2008: 6,800). The Group’s total staff costs (including wages and basic salaries, commission, bonus, retirement benefits scheme contributions) amounted to approximately HK$285.2 million in the Current Year (2008: HK$232.1 million). Remuneration of employees is determined with reference to the prevailing market levels, individual performance and working experience, and certain staff members are entitled to commissions and share options. In addition to the basic salaries, the Group also provides, depending on the results of the Group and individual performance, discretionary bonuses in order to motivate quality employees. In addition to offering competitive remuneration packages, the Group also put great emphasis on the investment in human resources. The Group organised various staff training courses regularly, with a view to enhancing the skills and knowledge of its employees. For the Current Year, the Group’s revenue was HK$1,176.1 million, representing a 20.8% increase from HK$973.3 million recorded in the Prior Year. The increase was mainly attributable to stable growth achieved in same-store sales, coupled with a steady network expansion nationwide. Retail sales were HK$1,026.9 million in the Current Year, accounting for 87.3% of the Group’s revenue and representing an increase of 19.7% over the Prior Year. Wholesale business was HK$122.0 million in the Current Year, representing an increase of 36.7% over the Prior Year and accounting for 10.4% of the Group’s revenue. Mainland China remained to be the Group’s core market. Revenue in Mainland China was HK$1,049.5 million in the Current Year, accounting for 89.2% of the Group’s revenue and representing an increase of 22.6% over the Prior Year. Although Hong Kong is a relatively mature market, the Group was able to deliver a growth in revenue of 9.6% in the Hong Kong market with sales amounting to HK$99.5 million in the Current As for brands, the Group’s multi-brand strategy continues to generate synergy effects and enhances its competitive edges to capture growing market potential. While EMBRY FORM, its signature brand, delivered a stable growth of 13.7% in revenue to HK$665.4 million, FANDECIE, its younger brand with competitive pricing, continued to register robust sales growth and achieved a remarkable growth of 35.7% in revenue to HK$416.2 million. COMFIT was also able to attract those consumers in the market who have been pursuing good functionality and quality of products. Its revenue grew by 23.2% to HK$67.0 million. Lingerie has always been the Group’s core product line reflecting the core competencies of the Group in the research and development, and production of lingerie. Sales of lingerie were HK$1,033.6 million in the Current Year, accounting for 87.9% of the Group’s revenue and representing an increase of 22.5% over the Prior Year. Sleepwear and swimwear also delivered modest growth of 8.2% and 11.8% respectively in the Current Year. Sales of sleepwear and swimwear were HK$56.0 million and HK$53.0 million respectively, accounting for 4.8% and 4.5% respectively of the Group’s revenue in the Current Year. These two product lines help complement the product range that the Group offers to consumers. The Group’s gross profit was HK$941.2 million in the Current Year, representing a growth of approximately 23.0% over the Prior Year. Benefiting from the economies of scale, effective management of supply chain and cost control measures, the Group managed to maintain its cost of sales at a reasonable level. As a result of the above favourable factors, the overall gross profit margin improved by 140 basis points from 78.6% in the Prior Year to 80.0% in the Current Year. Other income decreased by 50.5% to HK$9.3 million in the Current Year. In the Prior Year, there was an exchange gain of HK$6.7 million resulting from the appreciation of Renminbi derived from the business operations in Mainland China . As the exchange rate in Renminbi remained at approximately the same level, the Group did not have a similar exchange gain during the Current Year. In addition, the Group’s interest income has decreased by more than 50.0% to HK$2.6 million due to continuously low interest rates both in China and Hong Kong. Selling and distribution expenses were HK$654.6 million in the Current Year, representing an increase of 14.9% over the Prior Year and accounting for 55.7% of the Group’s revenue in the Current Year compared to 58.5% in the Prior Year. The reduction in selling and distribution expenses as a percentage of the Group’s revenue was partly due to effective cost control measures. The decrease in decoration expenses resulted from the reduction in the number of the Group’s new shops opened during the Current Year. As a result, advertising and counter decoration expenses decreased significantly by 19.3% to HK$67.0 million, accounting for 5.7% (2008: 8.5%) of the Group’s revenue. Administrative expenses were HK$125.1 million in the Current Year, representing an increase of 7.5% over the Prior Year and accounting for 10.6% of the Group’s revenue in the Current Year compared to 12.0% in the Prior Year. The reduction in the administrative expenses as a percentage of the Group’s revenue was mainly attributable to the Group’s economies of scale. Despite the increase in all items of expenditure during the year, benefiting from the stable improvement of China’s economy, the Group posted impressive growth in net profit resulting from higher growth rate of overall revenue than that of expenses. The Group’s effective tax rate was 31.9% in the Current Year, compared to 24.3% in the Prior Year. The increase in effective tax rate was mainly due to an increase of deferred tax to HK$9.0 million (2008: HK$0.6 million) and the changes in the tax law in China. For instance, the Group’s principal subsidiary in Shenzhen was subject to corporate income tax at a rate of 20.0% in the Current Year as opposed to 18.0% in the Prior The profit attributable to owners of the Company was HK$114.2 million in the Current Year, representing an increase of 58.6% over the Prior Year. The increase was due to constant growth in revenue and improvement in gross profit margin and operation efficiency. The net profit margin increased by 230 basis points to 9.7% in the Current Year from 7.4% in the Prior Year. The Group generally finances its operations with internally generated cash flow. The financial position of the Group remained sound and healthy during the Current Year. As at 31 December 2009, the Group had cash and cash equivalents of approximately HK$289.0 million (2008: HK$336.5 million). The Group did not have any interest-bearing bank borrowings during the Current Year. As at 31 December 2009 and 31 December 2008, the gearing ratio, being total interest-bearing bank loans divided by total assets, was nil. As at 31 December 2009, the total issued share capital of the Company was approximately HK$4.0 million (2008: approximately HK$4.0 million), comprising 402,148,000 (2008: 401,130,500) ordinary shares of HK$0.01 each. The increase in the number of issued shares resulted from the exercise of share options granted under the pre-initial public offering share option scheme and the share option scheme by certain Directors and employees of the Group, details of which are set out in note 31 to the financial statements. Significant investment held, material acquisitions and disposal of subsidiaries and associated companies Pursuant to the agreement between a subsidiary of the Company and an independent third party on 15 October 2009, the Group has agreed to acquire the property located in Shanghai, the PRC at a consideration of approximately RMB380,638,000 (approximately HK$433,927,000), which is for office and commercial use with 14 floors with an estimated construction area of approximately 11,430 square metres. During the Current Year, the deposit amounting to approximately RMB190,319,000 (approximately HK$216,271,000), which represents 50% of the total consideration, was paid on schedule. Subsequent to the reporting period, the property is still under construction and the vendor undertakes to hand over the completed property to the Group on or before 30 September 2010. During the Current Year, the deposit amounting to HK$21.1 million was paid for the land use rights, which is the total consideration for the land with an area of 123,350 square metres in adjacent to the land of the Group’s factory located in Jinan City, Shandong Province, the PRC. Save for the above disclosure, during the year, the Group was neither involved in other significant investment nor any material acquisition or disposal of subsidiaries and associated companies. In the Current Year, the Group’s capital expenditure amounted to HK$21.2 million (2008: HK$55.3 million). As at 31 December 2009, the Group did not have any assets pledged. The Group carries on its trading transactions mainly in Hong Kong dollars and Renminbi. As the Group’s foreign currency risks generated from the sales and purchases can largely be set off with each other, the foreign currency risk is considered as minimal to the Group. It is the policy of the Group to continue maintaining the balance of its sales and purchases in the same currency. The Group does not use derivative financial instruments to protect itself against the volatility associated with foreign currency transactions and other financial assets and liabilities created in the ordinary course of business. The Group had no significant contingent liabilities or any litigation or arbitration of material importance as at 31 December 2009. Looking ahead, the economic stabilisation measures implemented by the PRC government will further strengthen China’s economy and domestic consumption, thereby improving the overall market condition in 2010 continually. It is expected that there will be modest inflation in China with a slight rise in the consumer price index, which will boost the same-store sales growth of the retail industry. While maintaining a cautiously optimistic outlook, the Group, as the best seller of lingerie products in China, will continue to adopt a sustainable business growth strategy to take advantage of the steady economic growth ahead. The Group will continue to improve and expand its sales network cautiously in 2010. At present, the Group has established a number of strategic presence in the first- and second-tier cities of China. In 2010, the Group will continue to develop its sales network in key cities of China and increase retail outlets in the second- and third-tier cities in an effort to achieve its target of opening 100 retail outlets across the country. On the other hand, the Group will step up its efforts in promoting its brands and continue to improve product design and development capability in order to develop top quality products for its brands, with a view to satisfying the needs of consumers and enhancing brand equity. On the production front, the Shandong Factory has commenced production since the Prior Year. The Group expected that the production capacity of the factory would be further established by recruiting and training more staff members. Meanwhile, the factory features energy-saving and energy-efficient environmental designs with the state-of-the-arts technology of geothermal energy to supply air-conditioning and heating, which effectively reduce pollutants as well as operating costs. The Group believes that its overall production capacity could achieve better economies of scale and boost operating efficiency. Leveraging its enhanced brand equity and strengthened market leading position, the Group will continue to promote healthy business growth by reinforcing its research and development capabilities to meet different needs of customers. It will also be carrying out various advertising and promotional campaigns to increase brand awareness among customers. The Group is confident that the growth momentum can be sustained in 2010 and endeavours to deliver satisfactory returns to its shareholders. 