Management Discussion and Analysis In 1HFY2020, the revenue of the Group decreased by 15% to HK$2,120.09 million compared with the revenue of HK$2,485.37 million in 1HFY2019, among which the construction service revenue decreased to HK$817.76 million (1HFY2019: HK$1,324.15 million), the operation income increased to HK$808.17 million (1HFY2019: HK$712.74 million) and the finance income increased to HK$456.97 million (1HFY2019: HK$391.82 million). Gross profit of the Group decreased from HK$920.09 million in 1HFY2019 to HK$881.65 million in 1HFY2020, representing a decrease of 4%. The profit of the Group decreased from HK$448.73 million in 1HFY2019 to HK$426.56 million in 1HFY2020, representing a drop of 5%. The profit attributable to equity holders of the Company in 1HFY2020 amounted to HK$404.47 million, which decreased by 4% from 1HFY2019. As at 30 June 2020, the Group’s total assets amounted to approximately HK$23.27 billion with net assets amounting to HK$9.72 billion. Net asset value per share attributable to equity holders of the Company was HK$3.13 per share, representing an increase of 2% as compared to HK$3.08 per share as at the end of 2019. As at 30 June 2020, gearing ratio (total liabilities over total assets) of the Group was 58.2%, which remained stable as compared to 57.9% at the end of 2019. The Group adopts a prudent approach to cash and financial management to ensure proper risk control and low cost of funds. It finances its operations primarily with internally generated cash flow and loan facilities from banks, supplemented by fund raised from the issuance of corporate bonds and ABS. As at 30 June 2020, the Group had cash and bank balances of HK$1.87 billion, representing a decrease of HK$208.13 million as compared to HK$2.07 billion at the end of 2019. Most of the Group’s cash and bank balances, representing approximately 99%, were denominated in HK$ and Renminbi (“RMB”). Amounts payable within one year or less, or on At 30 June 2020 At 31 December 2019 (Unaudited) (Unaudited) (Audited) (Audited) At 30 June 2020 At 31 December 2019 (Unaudited) (Unaudited) (Audited) (Audited) BORROWINGS OF THE GROUP (continued) The Group is dedicated to improving financing methods and increasing banking facility limit to reserve funding for developing the water environment management business. As at 30 June 2020, the Group had outstanding borrowings of HK$9.86 billion, representing an increase of HK$783.73 million as compared to HK$9.08 billion as at the end of 2019. The borrowings included secured interest-bearing borrowings of HK$2.10 billion and unsecured interest- bearing borrowings of HK$7.76 billion. The borrowings are mainly denominated in RMB, representing approximately 62% of the total, and the remainder is denominated in HK$, United States dollars (“USD”) and Euros (“EUR”). Most of the borrowings are at floating rates. As at 30 June 2020, the Group had bank facilities of HK$12.23 billion, of which HK$5.40 billion had not been utilised. The bank loan facilities are of 1 to 21 years terms. The Group mainly operates in the People’s Republic of China (the “PRC”). Currency exposure arises within entities of the Group when transactions are mainly denominated in foreign currencies such as USD, EUR, Singapore dollars (“SGD”), HK$ and RMB. In addition, the Group is exposed to currency translation risk upon translation of the new assets in foreign operations into the Group’s reporting currency in HK$. During 1HFY2020, the Group was affected by changes in the exchange rates. Certain bank loan facilities of the Group as at 30 June 2020 were secured by certain revenue, contract assets, receivables and intangible assets in connection with the Group’s service concession arrangements, bank balances of the Group and the equity interests of certain subsidiaries of the Company. As at 30 June 2020, the aggregate net book value of assets and equity interests in subsidiaries pledged amounted to HK$4.63 billion. As at 30 June 2020, the Group had outstanding purchase commitments of HK$1.94 billion in connection with the construction contracts and an outstanding capital commitment of HK$22.86 million in connection with an unlisted equity investment. The Group intends to use internal sources of funds, external borrowings, or a combination of internal resources and external borrowings, to finance the above commitments. As at 30 June 2020, the Company issued financial guarantees to 2 subsidiaries. The Board does not consider it probable that a claim will be made against the Company under the guarantees. The maximum liability of the Company as at 30 June 2020 for the provision of the guarantees was HK$1.01 billion. Under the global offering which was completed on 8 May 2019 in connection with the listing of the Company on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the “SEHK”), the Company allotted and issued a total of 103,970,000 ordinary shares with par value of HK$1.00 each at an offer price of HK$2.99 per ordinary share and raised gross proceeds of HK$310.87 million in total. The net proceeds from the global offering amounted to approximately HK$248.61 million (the “Net Proceeds”) after deduction of related expenses of approximately HK$62.26 million. (continued) As at 30 June 2020, the Net Proceeds had been fully utilised, details of which are listed below: 1 Expanding the Group’s market share in the PRC water industry and diversifying the Group’s project portfolio and creating synergies (the “Expansion Purpose”) 2 Enhancing the Group’s core technologies through innovative R&D initiatives and acquisitions of advanced technologies (the “R&D Purpose”) 3 Working capital and other general corporate purposes (the “Working Capital Purpose”) The amount allocated for the Expansion Purpose was utilised as capital injection to the project companies for the construction and operation of Jiangsu Yangzhou Jiangdu Development Zone Industrial Waste Water Centralised Pre-treatment and Ancillary Pipeline Network Project, Shandong Laiyang Economic Development Zone Water Environment Management Public-Private Partnership Project, Shandong Zibo Zhangdian East Chemical Industrial Park Industrial Waste Water Treatment Project, Shandong Ji’nan East Station Area Underground Waste Water Treatment Project, the relocation and expansion of Zibo Waste Water Treatment Project (Northern Plant) and expansion of Nanjing Pukou Waste Water Treatment and Reusable Water Plant Project Phase II. (continued) The amount allocated for the R&D Purpose was utilised for R&D of water environment management technologies and know-hows. The amount allocated for the Working Capital Purpose was utilised for payment of normal operating expenses such as staff costs, legal and professional fees, rental expenses and other operating expenses. The above utilisation is in line with the intended use of the Net Proceeds and percentage allocated, as stated in the listing document issued by the Company dated 24 April 2019. (1) The Company, on 15 January 2020, announced that Beijing Everbright Water Investment Management Co., Ltd. (“BEWI”), a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, and Dalian North Huanghai Sea Development and Investment Co., Ltd. (“DNHS”) had incorporated a joint venture company known as Zhuanghe City EW Waste Water Treatment Co., Ltd. (“Zhuanghe City EW”) in the PRC with a registered capital of RMB42 million. BEWI and DNHS held 95% and 5% equity interest in Zhuanghe City EW respectively. Please refer to the Company’s announcement dated 15 January 2020 for further details on Zhuanghe City EW. VENTURES (continued) (2) The Company, on 19 May 2020, announced that Everbright Water (Ji’nan) Holdings Limited (“EW Ji’nan Holdings”), a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, and Sichuan Lutong Municipal Engineering Co., Ltd. (“Sichuan Lutong”) had incorporated a joint venture company known as Everbright Water (Ji’nan Zhangqiu) Limited (“Everbright Zhangqiu”) in the PRC with a registered capital of RMB85.2 million. EW Ji’nan Holdings and Sichuan Lutong held 99% and 1% equity interest in Everbright Zhangqiu respectively. Please refer to the Company’s announcement dated 19 May 2020 for further details on Everbright Zhangqiu. Save as disclosed above, there were no other material acquisitions or disposals of subsidiaries, associates or joint ventures during 1HFY2020. Save as those disclosed in this Interim Report, there was no plan authorised by the Board for other material investments or additions of capital assets at the date of this Interim Report. The Group obtained a general mandate (“IPT Mandate”) from the Shareholders for interested person transactions (“IPTs”) during its annual general meeting held on 12 April 2019 pursuant to Rule 920 of the listing manual (the “SGX Listing Manual”) of Singapore Exchange Securities Trading Limited (“SGX”). The IPT Mandate was renewed during the Company’s annual general meeting held on 10 June 2020. The aggregate value of the IPTs in excess of SGD100,000 during 1HFY2020 are set out as follows: IPTs during 1HFY2020 less than SGD100,000 and transactions conducted under the IPT Mandate) Aggregate value of all IPTs conducted under the IPT Mandate during 1HFY2020 (excluding transactions less than China Everbright (equivalent to Sun Life Everbright Life Insurance Co., Ltd. Associate of the controlling (equivalent to Corporate management and risk management are of paramount importance in ensuring efficient, healthy and sustainable corporate development. The Group has established a sound management structure, with five committees under the Board (“Board Committees”), comprising the Audit Committee, the Remuneration Committee, the Nominating Committee, the Strategy Committee and the Management Committee. As the decision-making body for the Company’s daily management, the Management Committee holds a meeting at least once in a month to deliberate the matters regarding the Group’s business and management, ensuring its sustainable corporate development. The Company also sets up various departments, such as the Legal & Risk Management Department, the Internal Audit Department, the Finance Management Department, the Budget Management Department, the Human Resources Department, the Operations Management Department, the Safety and Environmental Management Department and the Investment & Development Department. Moreover, in response to business needs, the Group has also set up four regional management centres, in order to manage the Group’s projects by region and create good synergies. The Group has continuously improved the internal management, established complete management systems and emergency response capacity, and fully implemented the Environmental, Safety, Health and Social Responsibility (“ESHS”) Management System (“ESHS Management System”) and the Risk Management System at all levels of the Group in order to standardise the management of all aspects in the process of project investment, construction and operations, identify and control risks, and enhance the overall operational efficiency and profitability. During the Review Period, when facing the complex situation with diverse projects, a large number of personnel and heavy tasks under the severe COVID-19 pandemic, the Group applied effective pandemic prevention and control measures, issued targeted policies and strengthened implementation to achieve “zero infection” in the work area; it has overcome various internal and external unfavourable factors in ensuring non-stop operations of operating projects to provide waste water treatment services and safeguarding environmental safety and health of residents. Talent is the key resource for corporate development. The Group highly values its employees and puts great emphasis on talent training and development. The Group has established and implemented a sound human resources management system covering areas, such as recruitment, training, appraisal, rewards, punishments and promotion. It also recruited qualified people capable of fulfilling the job responsibilities, and enabled the new employees to complete assigned tasks through induction trainings, apprenticeship programme and job rotations. During the Review Period, the Group continued optimising the management teams at all levels, vigorously promoting the exchanges and communications between management personnel and key employees, training and selecting outstanding young key staff, improving evaluation, appraisal, discipline and incentive system, enhancing the quality of talent selection and employment, and continuously discovering and cultivating talents to support the sustainable development of the Group. As at 30 June 2020, the Group had 2,305 employees. Employees within the Group are remunerated according to their qualifications, experience, job nature, performance and with reference to market conditions. Apart from a discretionary bonus, the Group also provides other benefits such as the pension funds as required by the laws and regulations in the relevant jurisdictions. The Audit Committee reviewed the unaudited financial statements and the interim report of the Company for 1HFY2020 including the accounting principles and practices adopted by the Company. During the Review Period, the Group continued with the implementation of the Risk Management System, the identification and assessment of risks, and the adoption and evaluation of risk control measures. Based on the requirements of the Risk Management Policy and Risk Management Practice Handbook, the Group has summarised and analysed the principal risks faced during the Review Period. The principal risks were policy changing risk, accounts receivable risk, financing management risk, engineering construction and operations management risks, technology and innovation risks, compliance risk, investment and market competition risks, internal control risk, staffing risk and cost control risk. In response to the above principal risks, the Group has implemented risk control measures during the Review Period, and currently evaluates that the control measures are effective. Due to the continuous impact of COVID-19 pandemic, the risk level of accounts receivable risk as well as investment and market competition risks of the Group is on an upward trend. With reference to the implementation effect of the Group’s internal control during the Review Period and in the past, the risk level of compliance risk, internal control risk and staffing risk of the Group is each on a downward trend. Taking account of the complexity and diversity of the external factors of other principal risks which are beyond the Group’s control, the risk level of the other principal risks remains unchanged. PRINCIPAL RISKS AND UNCERTAINTIES (continued) Whether the control Change of trend in risk level (Note) Engineering construction and Investment and market competition Note: Change of trend in risk level: → means that the risk level remains unchanged; means that the risk level is on an upward trend; ↓ means that the risk level is on a downward trend. PRINCIPAL RISKS AND UNCERTAINTIES (continued) The Group is subject to risks associated with changes in regulations and policies for waste water treatment, river-basin ecological restoration, sponge city construction, reusable water, water supply and waste water source heat pump business areas in the PRC. Along with the increasing public awareness of environmental protection in the PRC, the national government has imposed more stringent regulatory requirements in the field of environmental protection and raised the discharge standards for environmental protection projects. Any substantial future changes in regulatory requirements or discharge standards involved in the Group’s businesses could increase the operating costs of the Group and bring challenges to the compliant and stable operation of the Group. During the Review Period, the Group closely monitored the changes in national environmental protection policies, adjusted its development roadmap in a timely manner and spent efforts in R&D relating to the relevant topics, to ensure achieving the Group’s business goal of sustainable and stable development. The existing control measures are effective as a whole. However, the risk level remains unchanged due to the uncontrollability of the risk. PRINCIPAL RISKS AND UNCERTAINTIES (continued) Due to the business model, the Group’s business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects are affected by the revenue from customers of the Group’s environmental water projects and their creditworthiness to a higher extent. If customers’ ability to settle service charge is affected due to financial difficulties, the Group would be subject to the risks of increase in accounts receivable. The Group’s major customers are the local PRC governments where environmental water projects are located. During the Review Period, the local PRC governments of various levels recorded a decline in fiscal revenue due to COVID-19 pandemic, and thus, the risk level of the accounts receivable risk faced by the Group increases. The existing control measures are effective as a whole. However, the risk level is on an upward trend since the pandemic is not over yet and economic recovery requires an objective process. Maintaining the Group’s competitiveness and implementing growth strategies both require the Group to have sufficient capital resources. The financial market has also been affected by COVID-19 pandemic with changes in interest rates and financing conditions to different degrees. During the Review Period, the Group continued monitoring the changes in the domestic and overseas financing environment and the trend of the RMB exchange rate. The Group made adjustment to its financing structure in a timely manner and explored diversified financing channels such as the issuance of ABS. Through strict control of capital usage, the Group ensured that its capital reserves were sufficient and financing costs were controllable. The existing control measures are effective as a whole. However, the risk level remains unchanged since financing activities are affected by a number of factors. PRINCIPAL RISKS AND UNCERTAINTIES (continued) Engineering construction and operations During the construction and operation of a project, risks that are difficult to quantify at the initial stage of the project may cause the Group’s construction costs, operational costs and actual revenue to deviate from the Group’s initial estimates and may result in losses. In addition, the construction and operation of the Group’s projects could be adversely affected by a number of factors which are commonly associated with infrastructure projects and out of the Group’s control. The Group’s operating projects are running smoothly. Following a large number of new projects commencing operations, the inexperienced workers may not be able to immediately identify equipment deficiencies or potential problems and this may result in environmental and safety incidents. In respect of the engineering construction risk and operations management risk, the Group formulated comprehensive regulations and systems for project construction, the ESHS Management System, various standardised processes and various contingency plans. The Group also conducted training and supervision for its staff and relevant partners on a regular basis to ensure effective system implementation, outstanding work quality and stable and compliant operations. During the Review Period, the local PRC governments adopted policies on travel restrictions and suspension of work resumption to certain degree during the early outbreak of COVID-19 in view of the need of control and prevention of the pandemic. This imposed an impact on the construction progress of the Group’s construction projects over the short term. A few of the Group’s industrial waste water treatment projects in operation recorded a decline in water volume during the control period. Following the effective containment of the epidemic in China, various areas of China have resumed work. As at mid-April 2020, PRINCIPAL RISKS AND UNCERTAINTIES (continued) Engineering construction and operations management risks (continued) all the Group’s construction projects had resumed constructions. The water volume of the industrial waste water treatment projects also returned to its normal level as at the end of March 2020. During the Review Period, all the Group’s operating projects were running stably with compliant discharge. The existing control measures are effective as a whole. However, the risk level remains unchanged due to the large number of new construction projects and new operating projects. Along with the increasing public awareness of environmental protection in the PRC, the environmental water industry in the PRC may raise the discharge standards and technical levels in the future. The Group has to continuously put efforts on and resources in R&D and the identification of new technologies to ensure that it can maintain its leading position in the environmental water industry. During the Review Period, the Group continuously boosted its efforts in technological R&D and innovation, proactively brought in professional technological talents and fostered the application of technological achievements to its projects, so as to pursue development driven by technology. The existing control measures are effective as a whole. However, the risk level remains unchanged due to the fierce competition in the environmental water industry. PRINCIPAL RISKS AND UNCERTAINTIES (continued) Failure to strictly comply with the relevant laws and regulations of the PRC, the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on the SEHK (the “SEHK Listing Rules”), the SGX Listing Manual and relevant industry norms, etc., may result in administrative penalties or judicial proceedings against the Group in the relevant jurisdictions, which may adversely affect the reputation and operation of the Group. The Group has established relatively comprehensive compliance and approval procedures, including the provision of safeguards through internal legal personnel and external legal experts, to ensure that relevant matters are effectively reviewed and dealt with. During the Review Period, the Group strictly complied with the relevant laws and regulations. The existing control measures are effective as a whole with the risk level on a downward trend. A substantial influx of capital and competitors are seen in the environmental water industry in which the Group operates. Under such circumstances, the Group will face intensifying competitions in the market, which may affect its business expansion and investment return of projects. During the Review Period, COVID-19 pandemic resulted in the restriction of personnel mobility and a decline in fiscal revenue from the relevant local governments, which presented a challenge to the Group’s business expansion. The existing projects of the Group mainly focused on coastal areas and more developed inland areas in the mainland China. During the Review Period, the Group stepped up its efforts in business expansion through existing projects and achieved positive outcome. In addition, the Group proactively explored innovative business models and continuously focused on quality business expansion so as to achieve sustainable growth of the Group’s businesses. The existing control measures are effective as a whole. However, the risk level is on an upward trend due to the macroeconomic environment including the continuance of the COVID-19 pandemic. PRINCIPAL RISKS AND UNCERTAINTIES (continued) The Group established an efficient and appropriate organisational structure to specify the duties of each level and the functional departments, set up special committees such as risk review committee, engineering technology committee, budget management committee and procurement management committee, and strengthened specialised review and the effective implementation of material matters. Through establishing a three-tier risk control mechanism comprising project companies, functional departments at the headquarters and the Legal & Risk Management Department and Internal Audit Department, effective risk management is achieved. During the Review Period, the internal control measures of the Group were effective and no significant internal control risk event occurred. The risk level is on a downward trend considering the relatively comprehensive internal control organisational structures and relevant mechanisms as well as the satisfactory control effect. PRINCIPAL RISKS AND UNCERTAINTIES (continued) The Group relies on the experience and ability of the Group’s key management team and qualified staff. The training of key staff, management and technical personnel is a cyclical process. With more and more new projects put into operation, this may result in continual difficulties in the allocation of human resources. Besides, external recruitment can only partly meet the Group’s demands for talents. As a result, the Group persists to the approach of the combination of internal training and external recruitment. The Group has implemented the “Measures on Management of Reserve Talents” and “Measures on Assessment and Recruitment of Professional and Technical Staff”, establishes and continually refreshes the talent pool, and regularly organises professional training, and promotes the apprenticeship programme at project level to foster staff development. Furthermore, the Group has continuously attracted talents through different means such as campus recruitment and social recruitment to further enlarge its talent pool. The control measures are effective as a whole with the risk level on a downward trend. PRINCIPAL RISKS AND UNCERTAINTIES (continued) The Group’s businesses are involved in engineering construction and operations in relation to environmental water projects. Substantial changes of the market price of relevant raw materials, energy, financial and labour costs, etc. would adversely affect the Group’s cost control. During the Review Period, the Group continuously optimised the tender and procurement systems and procedures and adopted various measures to reduce procurement costs. At the same time, it strengthened budget management, strictly controlled project investment and operation costs and conducted regular evaluation. During the early outbreak of COVID-19, the prices of certain raw materials fluctuated over the short term but have all returned to the normal level. The control measures are effective as a whole. However, the risk level remains unchanged due to the continuance of the COVID-19 epidemic. The Group embraces the concept of responsible and green operation, and attaches great importance to the environmental and social impacts arising from its operations. It has been actively evaluating its environmental and social performance against internationally recognised standards, including the World Bank Group’s Environmental, Health, and Safety Guidelines, and has been regularly submitting monitoring reports to International Finance Corporation since 2016. Such monitoring reports cover all projects of the Group, including projects in the preparatory stage, projects under construction, projects that completed construction and projects in operation. All of the Group’s projects have obtained or are actively applying for international management standard certificates, including ISO 9001 Quality Management System, ISO 14001 Environmental Management System, and OHSAS 18001/ISO 45001 Occupational Health and Safety Management System. (continued) The operating and environmental performance of the Group’s projects rigorously adheres to the standards and requirements of their respective environmental impact assessment reports. The Group also takes into account the expectations of neighbouring communities, adopting appropriate and adequate mitigation measures to resolve the “Not in My Back Yard” syndrome. The Group strictly complies with laws and regulations related to environmental protection, safe production, occupational health and social responsibility. Key laws and regulations applicable to the Group include the Environmental Protection Law of the PRC, Production Safety Law of the PRC, Labour Law of the PRC, Law of the PRC on Environmental Impact Assessment, Water Pollution Prevention and Control Law of the PRC, Marine Environment Protection Law of the PRC, Law of the PRC on the Prevention and Control of Environmental Pollution by Solid Waste, Law of the PRC on Prevention and Control of Environmental Noise Pollution, Atmospheric Pollution Prevention and Control Law of the PRC, Discharge Standard for Pollutants of Municipal Wastewater Treatment Plants (GB18918-2002) and the relevant discharge standards for pollutants prescribed by local governments, etc. No breach of these laws and regulations which resulted in any significant loss or impact to the Group was recorded in 1HFY2020. (continued) With the aim of integrating policies and regulatory requirements into the operational practices, improving the entire environmental and social management process, as well as ensuring that the Group undertakes the health and safety responsibility relating to its products and services, the Group has implemented the ESHS Management System since 2016. In 1HFY2020, the Group continued strengthening the implementation of the ESHS Management System and Risk Management System at the group level and across all project companies, standardising the management of all aspects throughout project investment, construction and operation, so as to optimise the environmental and social performance of the Group. The Group at all times abides by the principle of “compliance with discharge standards” to minimise the impact of harmful pollutants to the aquatic and terrestrial ecosystems. In the aspect of occupational health and safety, the Group placed “safe production” as its first priority and continued carrying out “Safe Production Month” initiative and fully implementing the “Three Zeros” goal (zero excessive discharge of pollutants, zero work safety accident and zero case for violation of regulations or discipline) through themed activities, training and education, safety inspection and emergency drills across all project companies. In addition, the Group included climate risks into its Risk Management System to formulate more comprehensive emergency and natural disaster contingency plans. (continued) Furthermore, the Group strives to provide the public with transparent, reliable and comprehensive environmental information associated with its project operations, such as environmental impact assessment approvals, annual environmental monitoring plans, environmental emergency preparedness and response plans, monitoring results of waste water/air emissions/ noise etc. The Group uploaded such information to its corporate website for public scrutiny, demonstrating its determination to undertake environmental and social responsibilities. In addition, the Group actively responded to the requirements under the Notice on Further Opening the National Environmental Protection Facilities and Urban Waste Water and Waste Treatment Facilities to the Public issued by the Ministry of Ecology and Environment and the Ministry of Housing and Urban- Rural Development of the PRC, and opened its waste water treatment facilities to the public. The Group is committed to developing itself into an advanced hub for public visits and environmental education that provides on-site visits, practical learnings and technical trainings simultaneously. As at 30 June 2020, a total of 25 projects of the Group had been officially opened to the public. In 1HFY2020, these projects received 2,154 visitors in 250 batches in aggregate. The Group is also committed to participating in local and international environmental protection and technology activities, aligning with national policies, formulating policies for environmental protection open days, and encouraging employees to live a low-carbon lifestyle. The Group’s waste water treatment projects have received various awards and recognitions, such as the “Science Popularisation and Education Hub”, “Environmental Education Hub” and “Practices Base for Ecological Civilisation Development”. 