HK$22.1 million) and a loss of HK$4.3 million (2006: profit of HK$29.7 million). Increase in turnover (“Marine Engineering”), which amounted to HK$19.4 million, 50.9% of the total turnover. Total loss has in essence been lowered this year, as the high profit recorded as at 31 July 2006 was due to a notional gain from disposal of subsidiaries with significant net liabilities. Gross profit of the Group has also been improved to HK$13.9 million (2006: HK$8.6 million) and loss from operation activities was reduced significantly to HK$0.6 million (2006: loss of HK$1.8 million). Global demand for oil remains robust, leading to an increasing need of related shipbuilding and offshore engineering support. The upgrade and combined effects of the Singapore and Zhongshan yard facilities have brought to the Group many opportunities from the growing shipbuilding and offshore engineering market. These projects include shipbuilding, ship repair and modification, as well as specialized construction, such as derrick erection, outfiting and installation. Turnover of the Marine Engineering sector has increased to HK$19.4 million this year (2006: HK$8.9 million). Derrick under construction at Singapore shipyard. The Structural Steel Engineering division has improved with a higher turnover of HK$4.7 million this year (2006: HK$3.6 million). Contracts include deck assembly work for the Stonecutters Bridge as well as other structural steel projects in Guangdong through co-operation with active contractors in China. The Group continues in pursuing business for structural steel in the region in collaboration with its business partners. Level of enquiries for the type of vessels the Group has to offer remains strong, some of which may translate into orders. The regional market is still in great demand for these vessels. The Group reported a turnover of HK$13.9 million this year (2006: HK$9.6 million) in vessel sales. Nevertheless, the Group would consider reserving part of the existing fleets for contracting projects. In the light of oil price sustaining at a high level over the past few years, investment in exploration and production is expected to continue, and demand in the related shipbuilding, marine and offshore engineering sector will thus remain strong. To harvest the opportunities derived from this surging demand, the Group is considering a longer term arrangement to team up and utilize facilities in Dongguan, China. Integration of facilities in Singapore, Zhongshan and Dongguan ensures the Group to be in a competitive position with enhanced production and marketing capabilities. Positive outlook can also be observed in the structural steel engineering and contracting divisions, given the Hong Kong government intentions to push forward various large scale infrastructure projects in the coming years. The Group will continue with its strategy of developing in its core activities as well as venturing into new opportunities, such as the new technology sector, for potential substantial growth. To take up and realize benefits from these efforts, there is a possible need to raise funds. Financial position has improved this year. The Group reported a total net assets of HK$150 million (2006: HK$12 million). Liabilities have been lowered and finance cost will be reduced significantly in the future. During the period under review, HK$151.3 million was raised as a result of the exercise of allotment of 1,681,677,913 rights shares at subscription the price of HK$0.09 per rights share, in accordance to the circular dated 4 July 2007. Total issued shares capital of the Company hence amounted to 5,045,033,739 shares (2006: 3,363,355,826 shares). T h e C o m p a n y a n d t h e S c h e m e Administrator/ Trustee entered into a Settlement Structure Agreement on 1 September 2006 and the promissory notes, in the principal amount of HK$30 million, were issued to the Scheme administrator/Trustee on the same date as part of the Settlement Structure Agreement. The promissory notes were fully repaid during the year. Bank and other borrowings as at 31 July 2007 have been reduced to a total of HK$3.8 million (2006: HK$5.6 million) and the promissory notes were fully settled. The gearing ratio of the Group as a result, calculated by dividing total liabilities by total asset value, decreased to 11.5% (2006: 87.2%). The Group’s assets and liabilities are mainly dominated in either Hong Kong Dollars or Singapore Dollars. Income and expenses derived from the operations in Singapore were mainly dominated in Singapore Dollars. There is no significant exposure to the fluctuation of foreign exchange rate, but the Group will closely monitor the market and make appropriate adjustments when necessary. Save for those disclosed in note 35 to the financial statement, there are no other contingent liabilities that the Group is aware of. As at 31 July 2007, other than outsourcing vendors but including contract workers, the Group has an aggregate of 60 technical and working staff. Total staff costs, excluding contract workers, amounted to HK$3.5 million this year, as compared with HK$4.1 million as at 31 July 2006. There was no material change to the staff policy during the year under review. The Group encourages high productivity and remunerates its employees based on their qualification, work experiences, prevailing market prices and contribution to the Group. The incentive schemes such as share option scheme for employees will be proposed in due course. 