Gain on disposal of an associate represents benefit from disposal of an associate company. In January 2009, the Group has successfully completed the disposal of an associate company which engaged in the business of property development for a consideration of approximately HK$102 million. This has resulted in a gain of approximately HK$3 million. Administrative expenses increased by HK$509 million or 520% over the year of 2008 to HK$0 million. The increases in 2009 included the non-cash expense of approximately HK$78 million due to the share options granted per the share option scheme, and the non-cash loss of approximately HK$8 million as a result of fair value adjustment of the call and put options entered into on its investment in one of its associate companies. This non-cash loss was entirely offset by the non-cash gain of approximately HK$19 million attributable to the Group’s equitable results of the same associate company. In addition, the increased in administrative expenses were also comprised an increase of HK$24 million in legal and professional fees, representing an increase of 227% as compared to last year was mainly due to certain professional advisory fees related to its proposed investment in Transmeridian Exploration Incorporated (“Transmeridian”), an increase of HK$197 million in the amount of provision for reduction in the value of its holding of the Senior Notes of Transmeridian, an increase of HK$94 million in the amount of provision for reduction in the value of oil production related equipment purchased from Transmeridian, an increase in the amount of the Group made provision for exchange loss of HK$2 million during the year. In addition, the Group’s investment properties were revalued as at 31 March 2009 on an open market value existing use basis. The net decrease in fair value of investment properties, which has been debited directly to income statement, amounted to approximately HK$45 million. In summary, loss attributable to equity holders of the Company was approximately HK$550 million for the year ended 31 March 2009 (2008: HK$101 million). The substantial increase in loss by approximately 442% was principally due to the increase in administrative expenses. The Group’s Audit Committee has reviewed the audited consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 March 2009. The Audit Committee has reviewed with management the accounting principles and practices adopted by the Group, as well as internal control and financial reporting matters, and found them to be satisfactory. The Group continued its aggressive acquisition strategy throughout the year under review. During the year, pursuant to investment agreement dated  June 2008, the Company acquired a 2.3% equity interest in Glimmer Stone Investments Limited (“Glimmer”) for a cash consideration of HK$100,092,014. The Glimmer is an investment holding company and incorporated in British Virgin Islands. Subsequent to the end of the financial year, on 9 April 2009, the Company has committed to acquire from an independent third party 100% equity interest in Merry Year Investments Limited (“Merry Year”) for a cash consideration of HK$218,000,000. Merry Year is an investment holding company and incorporated in the British Virgin Islands. The sole assets of Merry Year includes its 70% shareholding interest in Universe Energy International Investments Limited (“Universe Energy”) and Universe Energy’s 100% shareholding interest in Universe Oil & Gas (China), LLC (“Universe Oil”). Universe Oil is principally engaged in the oilfield services business and incorporated in China. It will help the Company to diversify the business portfolio of the Group. A refundable deposit payment for the consideration of approximately HK$80,000,000 was made in April 2009. On 11 June 2008 and amended and restated as of 22 September 2008, the Company and Transmeridian Exploration Incorporated entered into an Investment Agreement whereby the Company would invest an aggregate consideration of approximately US$212 million (equivalent to approximately HK$1,54 million) in Transmeridian. The Company’s acquisition of majority interest compliments its strategic focus on the upstream oil and natural gas business – diversifying the geographic base of our resources and increasing overall reserves. The approval of the shareholders of the Company for the proposed investment in Transmeridian was obtained at the Special General Meeting of the Company on 1 October 2008. On 15 November 2008, the Company and Transmeridian mutually agreed to terminate Investment Agreement. No monetary consideration will be paid by either party in connection with the Termination Agreement. In addition, the Company is not owed, nor does it owe, any sums in relation to the Transaction Agreements. The entry by the Company into the Termination Agreement and the related termination of the Transaction Agreements has no material adverse impact on the interests of the Company and the Shareholders. On 2 June 2008, the Company purchased US$12 million of oil production equipment from Transmeridian. Transmeridian has failed to make delivery of such equipment. The Company has engaged legal advisors and is currently pursuing arbitration proceedings in Singapore under the Rules of Arbitration of the International Chamber of Commerce. Although the Board considers the relevant equipment purchase contract to be valid and binding, consistent with prudent accounting practices, the Company made full provision for this in the financial statements. Particulars of the Group’s segment information are set out in note 8 to the financial statements. The Group maintained its strong financial position for the year under review, with cash and cash equivalents amounting to HK$2,241 million as at 31 March 2009 (2008: HK$2,113 million). The Group had no long-term borrowings, therefore the gearing ratio is not applicable. The current ratio was about 7.85 (2008: 7.02), based on current assets of HK$2,439 million (2008: 2,903 million) and current liabilities of HK$3 million (2008: 43 million). There had been no material change in the capital structure of the Group since 31 March 2008. In line with its business nature, the Group did not have any order records as at 31 March 2009. As at 31 March 2009, the Group employed a total of 50 full time employees, located in Hong Kong and the PRC. Employees’ remuneration packages have been reviewed periodically and determined with reference to the performance of the individual and prevailing market practices. Remuneration packages include basic salaries, year end bonus, medical benefits and a contributory provident fund. The Group had no significant contingent liabilities as at 31 March 2009. exPosuRe to Fluctuations in exchange Rates and Related The Group’s monetary assets and transactions are mainly denominated in Hong Kong dollars, United States dollars, Renminbi and Euro. The exchange rates of United States dollars and Renminbi against Hong Kong dollars were relatively stable during the year under review. Euro fluctuated significantly and the Group made provision for exchange loss of HK$2 million during the year. During the year under review, the Group did not use financial instruments for hedging purposes. The Group continues to monitor the exposures to Euro and will take necessary procedures to reduce the fluctuations in exchange rates at reasonable costs. The Group’s largest and five largest customers represented 100% of total turnover, as the Group had only one customer. Save for the expense of letting business and operating expenses paid, the Group did not make any significant purchases during the year. Save for the connected transaction disclosed on page 80 of the annual report, none of the Company’s directors, their associates or any shareholders of the Company (who, to the knowledge of the Company’s directors, hold more than 5% of the Company’s shares in issue) had any beneficial interest in the Group’s only customer. 