Building On In the year under review, the Group recorded a profit of HK$65,660,000. Turnover rose from HK$132,146,000 in the previous year to HK$277,147,000 for the current year. Brokerage and Financing Following the 2008 global financial crisis, governments around the world have put in place stimulus packages. As a result, the economy has bottomed out in the second quarter of 2009. The financial markets experienced an increase in both primary and secondary fund raising as well as merger and acquisition activities. In the year under review, the Hong Kong stock market had risen by a staggering 56% as shown by the Hang Seng Index’s rise from 13,576 as at 31 March 2009 to 21,239 as at 31 March 2010. To capitalize on the recovery of financial markets, the Group had enhanced its sales and marketing activities during the year under review by targeting both new and existing customers. As a result, the number of new customers and active customers had increased by 157% and 32% respectively as compared to the past financial year. As a reputable financial service provider, the Group has always stressed the importance of internal controls. During the year, the Group had properly managed the fund flows of approximately HK$13.5 billion which involved 68,046 transactions without any customer complaints. The Board has tried their best to oversee the operations and has strictly followed the Securities and Futures Ordinance (the “SFO”). The Group has four responsible officers registered under the SFO, who closely monitor the compliance with the SFO of its brokerage operation. In addition, the Group has four qualified accountants, two of which are Independent Non-Executive Directors who provide the Board valuable advice on matters of internal controls system. The Independent Non- Executive Directors are satisfied with the corporate governance of the Group. Thanks to clients' trust in our internal controls and using our services by placing their funds in the trading accounts with the Group, and this is the reason for the increase in the balance of client trust accounts. The Company appreciates the Board (including the Independent Non-Executive Directors) for their prudent approach taken in running the business. During the year under review, the Group continued its multi-product strategy for its trading business which is comprised of food products, consumer goods, and electric consumer products. Despite the intense competition in the marketplace, the Group managed its costs efficiently and improved its operation flows in view of raising its gross margin. T h e G r o u p b e l i e v e s t h a t a d o p t i n g good credit controls is important for its trading business. Risk assessments are performed on all new clients. Sales a n d a g i n g r e p o r t s a r e a l s o c l o s e l y monitored by management. Once there of receivables, the debt collection division will take action quickly to recover overdue balances. As a result of having these measures in place, the Group’s bad debts provision has remained low. Residential property prices in Hong Kong have gone up significantly during the year under review. To take advantage of the appreciation in value of its property holdings, the Group has, after having considered the favourable terms, entered into a sale and purchase agreement on 27 October 2009 to dispose one of its properties at a consideration of HK$25,000,000. According to the valuation report of an independent valuation company, the fair value of the Group’s property located at Fei Ngo Shan, on a redevelopment basis was approximately HK$82,000,000, which is HK$25,000,000 more than its book value. In view of maximizing the value of this property, the Group is planning to redevelop it into a luxury property that has a gross site area of approximately 17,000 square feet. Due to the development of the Economic and Technology Zone in Wuhan by the local government which is where the Group’s toll road was previously located, the PRC joint-venture partner in the toll road (“JV Partner”) had unilaterally decided to relocate the toll station of the toll road, which had resulted in significant drop in its traffic flow. To adhere to Mainland China’s government policy and to allow the Group to concentrate on other core businesses, the Group had considered realizing its interest in the toll road project. During the year under review, the Group has successfully disposed 90% of its interest in the toll road at a consideration of HK$48,000,000. The Group believes that the disposal of the toll road would further improve its cash flow, and the impact on the Group for doubtful recovery of the balance sum from its JV Partner for the compensation arising from the relocation of the toll station was reduced. Currently, the global economy is still being affected by Europe’s debt problems. However, the Group remains optimistic about its future development as the PRC has taken the lead in the world’s economic recovery. We expect that the PRC’s upward momentum will continue into the future and that the Group will benefit from the PRC’s strong growth. Furthermore, due to the mixed signs of the economic recovery, the Group believes that the existing low interest rate environment and the relatively relaxed government policies will continue for a period of time. The economic recovery and low interest rates are both positive factors for the Group’s business development. In April 2010, Guangdong Province and Hong Kong entered into a framework agreement, pursuant to which efforts will be made to enhance Hong Kong’s position as an international financial center and to speed up the development of financial service industries in Guangdong in view of building a financial cooperation zone in which Hong Kong will take the lead with its financial systems and be supported with financial resources and services of Guangdong and Shenzhen. To take advantage of such an agreement, the Group plans to strengthen its financial service segment as a stepping stone to explore the Mainland Chinese market. In light of the increasing cash level after the disposals of an investment property and the infrastructure project during the year, the Group will continue to seek business opportunities to make good use of its working capital. The Group is currently setting up an office in Shanghai and in Guangzhou to focus on researching new business investments in the PRC. To accelerate the growth of the general trade division, the Group seeks cooperation with strategic business partners. The Group believes, through cooperating with business partners, that it will gain access to new potential customers and new product categories which are in line with its multi- product strategy. The Group believes that through the diversification of product types, it will reduce the risk of over-reliance on a single product. The Group also believes that this diversification strategy will generate stable income in the long term. Although trading in shares of the Company has been suspended since 2004, the Group managed to boost its operating performance significantly. During the period of suspension, public investors have repeatedly given their support to the Company and have respectively subscribed for the share options, convertible bonds and new shares of the Company. On 7 June 2007, the Company entered into an option agreement to issue 370,000,000 options (“Options”) to an independent third party at the exercise price of HK$0.024 per share (unadjusted). The exercisable period is 18 months commencing from the date of fulfillment of conditions precedent set out in the option agreement. The long stop date for fulfillment of such conditions precedent has been extended to 31 December 2010. Exercise in full of the Options would result in the issue of 370,000,000 additional shares with an aggregate subscription value of HK$8,880,000. The new shares were rank pari passu with the existing shares of the Company. On 9 July 2007, the Company entered into eight subscription agreements in respect of the issue of convertible bonds in the aggregate principal amount of HK$9,880,000 due 2012. The convertible bonds do not bear any interest. Each of the subscribers will have the right to convert the convertible bonds into shares of the Company at the price of HK$0.026 per share (unadjusted). Any outstanding convertible bonds shall be redeemed on the date falling on the fifth anniversary of the date of issue of the convertible bonds. Completion of the subscription agreements is subject to the fulfillment of the conditions as set out in the subscription agreements. The long stop date for fulfillment of such conditions has been extended to 31 December 2010. On 15 November 2007, the Company entered into eight subscription agreements to issue 600,000,000 shares of the Company at the price of HK$0.08 per share (unadjusted) which involves the total subscription price of HK$48,000,000. Subsequently, five of the subscribers mutually agreed with the Company to release each other from the respective subscription agreements to subscribe for an aggregate of 300,000,000 subscription shares. The long stop date of fulfillment of conditions precedent for the completion of the remaining 300,000,000 shares has been extended to 30 September The Independent Non-Executive Directors of the Company are of the view that it is not a proper decision by the Stock Exchange to suspend the trading in shares of the Company for a long time. They are sorry that the Group's employees have to bear great pressure due to the prolonged suspension. To reward employees’ contributions to the success of the Group’s operations, the Directors, including Independent Non- Executive Directors resolved to grant employees the right to subscribe for the shares of the Company under its share option scheme (the “Scheme”). After the completion of the subscription or in case of over subscription, the Directors will make the allotment of the options based on the performanace of the eligible subscribers so as to comply with the requirements of the Scheme. The exercise price of the share options will be 110% of the higher of (i) the closing price of the shares as stated in the Stock Exchange’s daily quotations sheet on the date of grant of the share options; or (ii) the average closing prices of the shares as stated in the Stock Exchange’s daily quotations sheet for five trading days immediately preceding the date of the grant of the share options. To enable other Executive Directors and eligible subscribers to subscribe for more shares, Mr. Cheung Chi Ching Kenneth, the consultant of the Company, Mr. Cheung Hoo Win and Ms. Yeung Han Yi Yvvone, the Executive Directors of the Company and all its Independent Non-Executive Directors will voluntarily give up their rights to subscribe for the shares and will not participate in the Scheme. As at 31 March 2010, the Group had 47 employees. Remuneration packages are generally structured according to market practice and the individual’s merits. Salaries are reviewed periodically based on performance appraisal and other relevant factors. Staff benefits plans maintained by the Group include medical insurance, hospitalization scheme, mandatory provident fund and share option scheme. The Group also adopts the principle of “reward for performance” to motivate its employees and recognize their contribution. To help employees pursue their career paths, the Group has clearly outlined and written out the responsibilities for every employee so that their performance can be objectively assessed and rewarded. In order to attract talent, the Group had, after the 2010 salary review, provided salary increments to its employees at a rate which was slightly higher than the prevailing job market standard. The average salary increment rate for the Group’s employees was about 10%. The Group is strongly committed to develop its employees to their full potential. In adopting an open communication policy in the workplace, employees have always been given the opportunity to write to management to provide their ideas and suggestions for creating positive change and improvement in the Group which includes and is not limited to suggestions on improving the Group’s internal controls. To enhance employees’ job performance, other than on-the-job training, the Group also encourages employees to continue learning by paying tuition fees on their behalf or providing training sponsorships to them. The Group actively implements caring programs for its staff by educating them on the importance of occupational safety and health, including their mental health. To ensure that the employees have a healthy and safe environment to work in, the Group upgrades the employees’ office computers from time to time and also maintains a tidy floor area. To implement the ‘green office’ concept, the Group grows a variety of plants in the office. Employees are also encouraged to keep potted plants on their desks. To enhance the sense of belonging of its employees and to take care of their emotional health and psychological well- being, the Group organizes regular gatherings and trips for its employees. Having these social activities has benefited the Group by reducing staff turnover as shown by the Group’s low staff turnover rate. Over 40% of the employees have been working in the Group for more than 10 years and the overall average length of service is about 9 years. Giving to the Community and Corporate Being a caring company, the Group continues to give to the community by providing aid for disaster relief whenever there is a real need for it. For instance, the Group has helped the Sichuan earthquake victims. Furthermore, the Group and its employees have made donations to support the rescue and relief work in Qinghai, the PRC. The Group strongly encourages its employees to contribute to the community. To support the 2009 ORBIS Pin Campaign to provide hope for millions of blind people worldwide, the Group encouraged its staff to make donations and recruit sponsors. Over 60% of the Group’s employees had taken part in the campaign and the funds raised were sent to ORBIS on 28 August The Board would like to express its sincere appreciation to Mr. Cheung Chi Shing Kenneth (“Mr. Cheung”), Founder of the Group, and to his family for their generosity. Other than the donation of HK$1.0 million to help students of the closed English Language College and Christian Zheng Sheng College, they have also donated another HK$1.2 million to help the victims of natural disasters across China, including those in Sichuan and Qinghai, from snow storms and earthquakes. The Group believes in being environmentally friendly and promotes environmental awareness to its employees. The employees are encouraged to switch off energy consuming appliances in meeting rooms when the rooms are unoccupied, and make sure that air conditioners and lights are switched off after work. They are also encouraged to fully utilize online platforms as to reduce paper wastage. To do its part in protecting the environment, the Group will continue to follow the tips provided by CLP to promote the awareness of saving energy and the “green office” concept in the workplace. As at 31 March 2010, the Group had cash at bank and in hand totalling approximately HK$77,776,000 (2009: HK$25,507,000) and net assets were valued at approximately HK$207,054,000 (2009: HK$180,776,000). Bank borrowings at 31 March 2010 a m o u n t e d t o H K $ 8 , 1 0 0 , 0 0 0 ( 2 0 0 9 : HK$18,811,000), of which HK$1,200,000 (2009: HK$6,875,000) were repayable within one year. The gearing ratio, being the ratio of total bank borrowings and financial lease of approximately HK$8,369,000 to shareholders’ fund of approximately HK$207,054,000, was about 0.04 (2009: 0.14). As at 31 March 2010, a time deposit of HK$5,000,000 and an investment property at a valuation of HK$57,000,000 were pledged to secure the banking facilities granted to the Group. During the year, the Group made an investment in the subordinated notes issued by Bank of China (Hong Kong) Limited at the consideration of US$1,304,642 (the “Notes”). The interest rate for the Notes is 5.55%, which is generally higher than the interest rate of fixed deposit of a well recognized financial institution in Hong Kong. The Directors of the Company consider that it is a good investment opportunity for the Group, and further believe that the Group has utilized a prudent investment strategy for carrying out this investment. The register of members of the Company will be closed from 20 September 2010 to 22 September 2010, both days inclusive, during which period no transfer of shares will be registered. In order to qualify for the proposed final dividend and bonus issue proposal, shareholders are reminded to ensure that all completed share transfer forms accompanied by the relevant certificates must be lodged with the Company's branch share registrar in Hong Kong, Tricor Tengis Limited, at 26th Floor, Tesbury Centre, 28 Queen's Road East, Wanchai, Hong Kong not later than 4:30p.m. on 17 September 2010. Trading terms with our general trading customers are mainly on credit and trust, except for new customers, where payment in advance is normally required or a letter of credit is received. Invoices are normally payable within 30 to 60 days of issuance, except for certain well-established customers, where the terms are extended to 90 days. For the securities dealings, broking, and financing businesses, the Group is strictly in compliance with the SFO. Loans are granted based on individual assessment of financial status, repayment records and the liquidity of collaterals placed by customers. The applicable interest rate charged to customers is usually determined by those factors. Loans are called in for repayment as soon as the customer fails to repay any deposits, margins or other sums due to the Group. During the year under review, the Group’s business activities, assets and liabilities were mainly denominated in Hong Kong dollars, US dollars and Renminbi. In light of the pegged exchange rate between the Hong Kong and US dollars, and the liabilities in Renminbi which were matched by assets denominated in Renminbi, the Group considers its foreign exchange risk immaterial for the year under review. It is the Group’s treasury policy to manage its exposure to foreign currency risk by performing stringent review whenever the financial impact is material to the Group. The Group has put in place an effective internal control system for its operations. Under the business of securities dealing and broking, a monitoring team consisting of licensed responsible officers under the SFO and senior management, who have been acting in compliance with the SFO, has been set up to monitor the settlement matters of traded securities and cash. In order to safeguard clients’ interests and comply with the requirements of the SFO, our monitoring team carries out ongoing checks and verifications as to maintain our service standard at a satisfactory level. Over the past financial year, the brokerage operation of the Group has complied with the SFO. During the year under review, the Group has managed a total fund flows of 13.5 billion. Clients were satisfied with the services and did not lodge any complaints. Details of the litigation are set out in note 41 to the consolidated financial statements. 