The turnover of the Group from continuing operations for the year ended 31 March 2010 was about HK$198.8 million, representing a decrease of about 8% as compared to that of last year. The decrease was contributed by an a decrease of about HK$22 million in the turnover of wedding services, a decrease of about HK$8 million in hotel operations, and a decrease of about HK$7.9 million in entertainment business. However there was an increase of about HK$5.2 million in property investment, an increase of about HK$5.1 million in restaurant business and an increase of about HK$10.3 million in licence fee collection business. The Group incurred a loss of about HK$1,159 million this year. The loss was mainly due to the impairment loss of about HK$1,034.8 million in respect of goodwill arising from the acquisition of Hua Rong Sheng Shi Holding Limited (which holds a wholly owned subsidiary and jointly controlled entities, Tian He Culture Holding Co. Ltd and its subsidiaries) (together the “HR Group”). Such impairment loss was mainly due to the increase in the market price of the consideration shares issued for the acquisition of the HR Group on the date of completion over their issue price and delay in rollout of service. The loss also increased as a result of an amortisation of about HK$15.9 million in respect of intangible assets arising from the acquisition. The Group also record an impairment loss on payments for leasehold land held for own use under operating lease and property, plant and equipment of Dynasty Hotel of about HK$85.9 million, the impairment loss on goodwill on an entertainment business of about HK$5 million, an amortisation on deferred expenditures of about HK$30.8 million, and loss in hotel operations and wedding services. Such loss was partially offset by income from investment properties, restaurant operations and entertainment business. The Group owns 94% interest in (Star-Lake Club Zhaoqing) which owns and operates the hotel under the business name of Dynasty Hotel in Zhaoqing, the PRC. The business suffered a loss of about HK$109.2 million, which was mainly due to impairment loss on property, plant and equipment of approximately HK$14.6 million, the impairment loss for payment for leasehold land held for own use under operating leases of about HK$71.3 million and depreciation of about HK$23.8 million. The Group provides wedding services under the trade name of “Cite Du Louvre” in Hong Kong. The business suffered loss of about HK$6.1 million as it was adversely affected by keen competition from local and Taiwan wedding services companies and the economic downturn in Hong Kong. The Group closed its “Wonderful Arts Wedding Services” shops during the year. The investment properties contributed steady rental income to the Group. The investment property located at the commercial districts of Guangzhou, the PRC has been leased for ten years from 9 October 2008. Turnover grew this year due to rental received from the investment property at Guangzhou and increase in rental of the investment property at Carnarvon Road, Kowloon. The business contributed a profit of about HK$47.2 million to the Group. The increase in profit was mainly due to the increase in fair value gain on investment properties of about HK$41.5 million. The business of the Group’s Chiu Chow restaurant at Star House is stable and profitable. It contributed operating profit of about HK$6.2 million to the Group. A wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, Win Sea Group Limited, entered into an agreement on 12 September 2009 for the disposal of 60% of the equity interest in (Beijing Jinyingma International Cultural Exchange Company Limited) for a consideration of RMB25,982,472 (about HK$29,083,532) in cash. The purchaser is (Beijing Jinyingma Film and Television Culture Company Limited). The cash consideration was received in March 2010. There is a gain before tax of about HK$4.7 million arising on the disposal. Win Sea Group Limited also entered into an agreement on 12 September 2009 for the disposal of the copyright in a television series to for a consideration of RMB20,000,000 (about HK$22,696,323) in cash. The cash consideration was received on 18 September 2009. Baron Production and Artiste Management Company Limited, a 51% owned subsidiary engaged in providing services relating to production and artist management in the entertainment industry, incurred a loss of about HK$0.8 million. Chance Music Limited, a 60% owned subsidiary engaged in entertainment and related business and owns intellectual property rights to lyrics of various songs, incurred a loss of about HK$0.2 million. The Group entered into various agreements with owners of intellectual property rights of music products relating to collection of fees for licensing of copyright to karaoke music products to karaoke operators in the PRC. The Group is entitled to receive portion of fee payment from karaoke operators in the PRC. The Group acquired in April 2009 the HR Group, which is principally engaged in the provision of copyright licence fees settlement and collection services in respect of karaoke music products and videos in the PRC. The acquisition of the HR Group is expected to enable the Group to quickly scale up and become a platform to consolidate operations for collection of copyright fees in respect of karaoke music products in the PRC. For the year, the business recorded a turnover of HK$20.3 million and a loss of HK$1,095.9 million. The loss was mainly due to the impairment loss of about HK$1,034.8 million in respect of goodwill arising from the acquisition of the HR Group. Such impairment loss was mainly due to the increase in the market price of the consideration shares issued for the acquisition of the HR Group on the date of completion over their issue price and delay in rollout of service, and also an amortisation of about HK$15.9 million in respect of intangible assets arising from the acquisition. The loss was further increased by an amortisation of deferred expenditure of about HK$30.8 million. The Group’s business relating to collection of fees for licensing of copyright to karaoke music products to karaoke operators in the PRC is gradually yielding income to the Group. The directors are optimistic about the future prospects of the entertainment industry in the PRC. The Group’s business relating to collection of fees for licensing of copyright to karaoke music products to karaoke operators in the PRC for content distribution is gradually yielding income to the Group. After its initial set up period, the operations of the HR Group have started to yield income, and income from these operations is expected to grow. The directors believe the operations relating to collection of fees for licensing of copyright to karaoke music products to karaoke operators in the PRC will broaden the income source of the Group. The Group will continue its current principal activities of hotel operations, provision of wedding services, property investment, restaurant operations, collection of copyright fees for karaoke music products in the PRC and entertainment business. The Group’s financial position is strong with a net asset value of about HK$1,037.6 million. The management will look for suitable investment opportunities to expand the business of the Group. 