Management Discussion and Analysis Management Management Discussion and Analysis According to its development needs, the Group has adjusted its focus on renewable energy business including two major operations, namely, (i) provision of one-stop value-added solutions (EPC, maintenance and support, and operation) for photovoltaic power stations and (ii) sale of patented photovoltaic tracking mounting bracket systems. As of 31 March 2019, Tonking New Energy Technology (Shanghai) Limited* has four wholly-owned subsidiaries, namely, Tonking New Energy Technology (Jiangshan) Limited* , Horqin Zuo Yi Hou Qi Tong Jing New Energy Limited* , Zhenping County Tong Jing New Energy Limited* and Lin Yi Shi New Energy Limited* , as well as one non-wholly owned subsidiary, namely, Jin Zhai Xian Tong Jing New Energy Limited* for the purpose of accelerating the Group’s development in the renewable energy business. During the reporting period, our renewable energy business recorded a total revenue of approximately HK$542,314,000 (2018 corresponding period: HK$685,947,000), which was mainly attributable to the provision of one-stop value-added solutions for photovoltaic power stations and sale of patented photovoltaic tracking mounting bracket systems. During the reporting period, the total contracted installed capacity of Group was 395MW. During the reporting period, On 2 April 2018, Tonking New Energy (Jiangshan) and Changshan County Huibu Town Shimuling Village Stock Economic Cooperative* entered into a contract in relation to the equipment procurement and installation project of the 1.56MWp photovoltaic power station in Shimuling Village, Huibu Town, Changshan County. On 13 April 2018, Tonking New Energy (Shanghai) and Yuchai Marketing Limited* entered into a contract in relation to the procurement of horizontal single axis solar trackers for A zone project and B zone project of Yuchai Guiping 40MWp agrivoltaic power generation project phase II. On 16 April 2018, Tonking New Energy (Jiangshan) and Wanhuitong Energy Technology Co., Ltd.* entered into a contract in relation to the procurement of horizontal single axis solar trackers for the 34.464MWp photovoltaic power generation project in Garzê Prefecture, Sichuan Province. BUSINESS REVIEW (continued) Renewable Energy Business (continued) Signing of new contracts (continued) On 22 April 2018, Tonking New Energy (Jiangshan) and Ningxia Luyu Construction Co., Ltd.* entered into a contract in relation to the sale and purchase of the stationary mounts for sheepfolds for the 6.36MWp agrivoltaic power generation project in Yongning county, Ningxia. In May 2018, Tonking New Energy (Jiangshan) and Jiangsu Ruiwang New Energy Technology Co., Ltd.* entered into a contract in relation to the procurement of stationary mounts for the 5.9MWp photovoltaic power station project of the photovoltaic poverty-alleviation power plant in Luci town, Leping. In June 2018, Tonking New Energy (Jiangshan) and Zhejiang Hangkai Photovoltaic Technology Limited* entered into a contract in relation to the procurement of stationary mounts for the 2MWp photovoltaic power station project in Hunan Town, Qujiang District, Quzhou City. In July 2018, Tonking New Energy and Jiangxi Dexing Photovoltaic Power Co. Ltd. of State Power Investment Group* entered into a contract in relation to the equipment sale and purchase and installation for the mounting system of the 13.496MW CPI photovoltaic power generation combined with forestry/agriculture project in Huangbai, Dexing City. In August 2018, Tonking New Energy (Jiangshan) and Jiangshan City Xintangbian Town Maocun Shantou Village Stock Economic Cooperative* entered into a contract in relation to the procurement and installation of equipment for the 305.5KWp ground-mounted photovoltaic power station in Maocun Shantou Village, Xintangbian Town, Jiangshan City. In August 2018, Tonking New Energy (Shanghai) entered into a procurement contract with Sungrow Power Supply Co., Ltd.* in relation to the mounting bracket for Sungrow Power Supply’s 5.51152MW Fore-runner photovoltaic power station project in Weinan region. (10) In August 2018, Tonking New Energy (Shanghai) entered into a procurement contract with Sungrow Power Supply Co., Ltd.* in relation to the fixed/adjustable brackets for Sungrow Power Supply’s 55.46024MW Fore-runner photovoltaic power station project in Golmud City. (11) In September 2018, Tonking New Energy (Shanghai) entered into a procurement contract with Sungrow Power Supply Co., Ltd.* in relation to the brackets for Sungrow Power Supply’s 50.42286MW photovoltaic poverty-alleviation project in Qinghai Province. BUSINESS REVIEW (continued) Renewable Energy Business (continued) Signing of new contracts (continued) (12) In November 2018, Tonking New Energy (Shanghai) entered into a procurement contract with CPI Power Engineering Co., Ltd.* in relation to the tracking mounting bracket devices for 44.06848MW fishery photovoltaic complementary project I at Sheyang Lake in Photovoltaic Power Generation Fore-runner Base in Baoying County. (13) In November 2018, Tonking New Energy (Shanghai) entered into a procurement contract with CPI Power Engineering Co., Ltd.* in relation to the fixed mounting bracket devices for 9.984MW fishery photovoltaic complementary project I at Sheyang Lake in Photovoltaic Power Generation Fore-runner Base in Baoying County. (14) In November 2018, Tonking New Energy (Jiangshan) entered into an EPC general contract with Zhejiang China New Energy Development Co., Ltd.* in relation to the 16.2KW tea photovoltaic complementary project in Rizhao City, Shandong Province. (15) In November 2018, Tonking New Energy (Jiangshan) entered into a procurement contract with Shanghai Baoye Group Corp., Ltd. * in relation to the 9.3536MW agricultural photovoltaic power plant project with flat uniaxial brackets in Hanchuan City, Hubei Province. (16) In December 2018, Tonking New Energy (Shanghai) entered into a procurement contract with Sungrow Power Supply Co., Ltd.* in relation to the photovoltaic brackets for Sungrow Power Supply’s 3.96MW Jinzhai Project. (17) In December 2018, Tonking New Energy (Jiangshan) entered into a procurement contract with Shanghai Baoye Group Corp., Ltd. * in relation to the 2.4864MW agricultural photovoltaic power plant project with flat uniaxial brackets in Hanchuan City, Hubei Province. (18) In January 2019, Tonking New Energy (Jiangshan) entered into a procurement contract with Sungrow Power Supply Co., Ltd.* in relation to the brackets for Sungrow Power Supply’s 0.384MW photovoltaic poverty-alleviation project in YuGou Town, Lingbi County. (19) On January 2019, Tonking New Energy (Shanghai) entered into a procurement contract with Yuchai Marketing Co.,Ltd.* in relation to the flat uniaxial tracking mounting brackets for phase II of the 9.4608MW agricultural photovoltaic power generation project in Guipin, Yuchai. (20) In February 2019, Tonking New Energy (Jiangshan) entered into a procurement contract with Sungrow Power Supply Co., Ltd.* in relation to the brackets for Sungrow Power Supply’s 0.048MW small and empirical photovoltaic poverty-alleviation project in Golmud City. BUSINESS REVIEW (continued) Renewable Energy Business (continued) Signing of new contracts (continued) (21) On February 2019, Tonking New Energy (Jiangshan) entered into a procurement contract with Hebei Zhongrui Electric Power Equipment Co., Ltd.* in relation to the flat uniaxial tracking mounting brackets for the 0.1332MW double-sided tracking experiment project in Delhi City. (22) In March 2019, Tonking New Energy entered into a supplementary agreement with Jiangxi Dexing Photovoltaic Power Co. Ltd. of State Power Investment Group* in relation to the further optimization of technology for the 1.2096MW CPI photovoltaic power generation project combining with projects in agriculture and forestry in Huangbai, Dexing City. (23) In March 2019, Tonking New Energy (Jiangshan) entered into a procurement contract with Sungrow Power Supply Co., Ltd.* in relation to the fixed mounting brackets for Sungrow Power Supply’s 5.115MW Jinzhai Project. (24) In March 2019, Tonking New Energy (Jiangshan) entered into a contracting agreement with Jiangshan Huihong New Energy Co., Ltd.* in relation to the expansion for the 3.5046MW photovoltaic power generation project in Fenglin Town. A contract was awarded by Wuling Wuhai Electric Power Co., Ltd.* to Tonking New Energy (Jiangshan) in relation to the engineering, procurement and construction general contracting for the 47.65804MWp photovoltaic field of Wuling Wuhai. A contract was awarded by Guangxi Xijiang Group Investment Co., Ltd.* to Tonking New Energy (Shanghai) and entered into with Guangxi Tiandong Xijiang Energy Co., Ltd.* in relation to the procurement of floating photovoltaic system for the 27MWp hydro-photovoltaic project at the Lila Ditch of Weir Reservoir Area in Youjiang district, Guangxi Province. The mounting bracket systems independently developed by the Group will be applied in all the above projects. The bracket components will be made of high-quality materials such as steel structures and aluminum alloys. The surface will be treated with hot-dip galvanized rust-prevention and vacuum-infiltrated zinc alloy anti-corrosion treatment, with anti-corrosion durability not less than 25 years. As aluminum alloys are light-weighted, recyclable and reusable with strong toughness, high yield strength, and are highly resistant to corrosion, they can minimize costs and maximize overall efficiency. Integration of the above characteristics with the structure of Tonking’s mounting bracket can significantly improve the tracking accuracy of the mounting brackets, which can in turn improve the power generation efficiency remarkably. It not only satisfies customer’s requirement for corrosion resistance of the product, but also maximizes economic benefits for customers. BUSINESS REVIEW (continued) Renewable Energy Business (continued) Successful Tender and Contracts Awarded (continued) The Group will continue to focus on the research and development of photovoltaic tracking systems for various complex terrains, and strive to make new technological breakthroughs so as to provide customers with comprehensive and efficient integrated solutions of solar energy systems. The Group adheres to promoting healthy and sustainable development based on technological innovation, occupying the market with advanced technologies, increasing investment in technology research and carrying out the market-oriented, customer-centered philosophy. Based on its many years’ experience in renewable energy and careful analysis of China’s policies, it can provide customers with an ecological integrated intelligence mode combining agriculture (forestry and animal husbandry), fishery and photovoltaic generation, as well as personalized intelligent solutions for mountains, roofs, etc. With the outstanding core competitiveness brought by its own patented proprietary technological products, the Group’s market share has achieved a steady growth. The Group actively participates in various projects such as photovoltaic fore-runner projects, photovoltaic poverty alleviation projects and distributed photovoltaic projects, helping to solve the problem of electricity consumption in poor areas and provide a long-term source of stable income to poor people on the one hand, while demonstrating the competitive strength and technological advantage of the Group’s products through fore-runner projects on the other hand. Our floating pontoon has successfully passed the European Union RoHS quality standards certification, marking that the Group has become the first supplier certificated by the TÜV SÜD Hydro-photovoltaic Bracket System in the PRC. Meanwhile, our “power distribution cabinet tracker” has passed the 3C certification and our tracking mounting brackets system has also passed the certification of American Underwriters Laboratories (UL). And at the same time, Tonking New Energy Technology (Jiangshan) Co., Ltd.* , a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Group, obtained the Certificate of Class-B Qualification for Engineering Design in relation to Electricity Industry (Renewable Energy Power Generation) , which was another development breakthrough made by the Group following the obtaining of the Construction General Contracting Qualification (Class-C) for Electric Engineering . This certificate has met the Company’s requirements in engineering design of new energy power generation, successfully brought the Company to a new stage of engineering design of the new energy industry and further established the Company’s leading position in the renewable energy industry. The Group was also operating full-service restaurants and cake shops during the Report Period before the disposal of food and beverage business in December 2018. For the financial year ended 31 March 2019, the Group recorded revenue of approximately HK$542,314,000, representing a decrease of approximately 21% compared with approximately HK$685,947,000 of the corresponding period in 2018. The contract costs for the year ended 31 March 2019 was approximately HK$468,504,000 (2018: approximately HK$600,135,000). The costs were derived from the renewable energy business which was mainly represented by the cost of construction materials and supplies, subcontracting charges, labour costs, transportation, machine and vehicle rental expenses and other expenses. The staff costs slightly increased by approximately 2% to approximately HK$20,156,000 for the year ended 31 March 2019 (2018: approximately HK$19,858,000). The staff costs maintained steady comparing to 2018. Depreciation and amortisation decreased by approximately 10% to approximately HK$4,198,000 for the year ended 31 March 2019 (2018: approximately HK$4,676,000). The property rentals and related expenses for the year ended 31 March 2019 amounted to approximately HK$1,361,000 (2018: approximately HK$4,034,000), representing a decrease of approximately 66% as compared to the corresponding period in 2018. Administrative and other operating expenses decreased by approximately 30% to approximately HK$14,985,000 for the year ended 31 March 2019 from approximately HK$21,263,000 for the corresponding period in 2018. The decrease was mainly due to the Group strengthen the cost control during the year. For the year ended 31 March 2019, the Group recorded profit attributable to owners of the Company of approximately HK$23,424,000 (For the year ended 31 March 2018: approximately HK$28,922,000). The Ministry of Land and Resources, the State Council Leading Group Office of Poverty Alleviation and Development and the National Energy Administration issued Opinions on Supporting Photovoltaic Poverty Alleviation and Regulating Photovoltaic Power Generation Industry Lands (Guo Tu Zi Gui [2017] No.7) [2017]7 in September 2017. The Opinions pointed out that all regions shall speed up the preparation of their photovoltaic power generation plans and rationalize the construction of photovoltaic power generation projects according to the national photovoltaic industry development plan and their actual conditions. The photovoltaic power generation plans should be consistent with the overall land use plans and other related plans. Unutilised lands are allowed to be used whereas agricultural lands shall not be occupied. The use of permanent basic farmland in any way shall be prohibited and the development of photovoltaic power generation projects in the region expressly prohibited by the relevant national laws, regulations and plans shall also be strictly prohibited. Apart from the photovoltaic poverty alleviation projects identified in this document and the photovoltaic power station projects constructed by taking use of agricultural lands (hereinafter referred to as “Photovoltaic Compound Projects”), other photovoltaic power station projects shall use land in strict compliance with the requirements of Guo Tu Zi Gui [2015] No. 5 [2015]5 . For projects involved in unutilised lands, the land for photovoltaic arrays can be identified according to the in-place category under which the use of lands shall not be changed and lands shall be used rationally. Tonking Group used the agricultural land other than permanent basic farmland for its photovoltaic arrays and will not change the nature of the original land without prejudice to the conditions of agricultural production. This model meets the requirements of the Ministry of Land and Resources and will be widely adopted and promoted in the photovoltaic industry, which will provide a vast space for the future development of the Company. The Notice on the Issues Related to the Construction of Fore-runner Bases for Photovoltaic Power The National Energy Administration issued this notice in December 2017. The project of fore-runner bases for photovoltaic power generation aims to improve the efficiency of photovoltaic power generation, upgrade the industry, develop more applications and reduce the cost of power generation by selecting and supporting the outstanding corporations in photovoltaic industry. As regards the photovoltaic products purchase, land approval and grid integration, national photovoltaic projects will give priority to the qualified enterprises in the project of fore-runner bases for photovoltaic power generation. In addition, this notice can ensure the qualities of the candidate enterprises, which have adequate capacity in finance and scientific research so as to promote the development of the industry. FUTURE PROSPECTS (continued) The Notice on the Issues Related to Photovoltaic Power Generation in 2018 ( 2018 The National Development and Reform Commission, Ministry of Finance, the National Energy Administration jointly issued this notice on 31 May 2018. Such notice aims to reasonably control the development pace while optimising the new construction scale of photovoltaic power generation; to standardize the development of distributed photovoltaic power; to support photovoltaic power poverty alleviation and achieve targeted poverty alleviation; to proceed the construction of fore-runner bases for photovoltaic power generation in an orderly way; to encourage local governments to support the development of photovoltaic power industry by formulating policies based on their actual situation; to speed up the subsidy reduction process on photovoltaic power generation through lowering the levels of subsidies; to further enhance market-oriented distribution by activating the decisive role of market-oriented resource allocation. The Notice of the National Development and Reform Commission and the National Energy Administration on Active Promotion of the Work on Grid Parity of Wind Power and Photovoltaic In early January 2019, the National Development and Reform Commission and the National Energy Administration jointly issued the Document Fa Gai Neng Yuan [2019] No. 19 [2019]19 . The notice aims to carry out the construction of grid parity projects and low-price grid pilot projects, optimize the investment environment for the grid parity projects and low-price grid projects, ensure the implementation of prioritized power generation and fully capacity guaranteed purchase, and encourage the grid parity projects and low-price grid projects to obtain reasonable compensation through transaction of green certificates. The Notice of the National Energy Administration and the State Council Leading Group Office of Poverty Alleviation and Development on Second Batch of Photovoltaic Poverty Alleviation Projects The National Energy Administration issued Guo Neng Fa Xin Neng [2019] No. 37 in April 2019. The notice aims to promote photovoltaic poverty alleviation in a solid and orderly manner by strengthening the construction, operation and maintenance management of power stations. The photovoltaic poverty alleviation projects cover a total of 15 provinces (autonomous regions) and 165 counties and involve a total of 3,961 village-level photovoltaic poverty alleviation power stations (hereinafter referred to as power stations) with a total installed capacity of 1,673,017.43 kilowatts. FUTURE PROSPECTS (continued) The Notice of the General Office of the National Energy Administration on Submitting the List of Grid Parity Projects of Wind Power and Photovoltaic Power in 2019 ( The National Energy Administration also issued the Notice of the General Office of the National Energy Administration on Submitting the List of Grid Parity Projects of Wind Power and Photovoltaic Power in 2019 ( to promote the construction of subsidy-free grid parity projects of wind power and photovoltaic power, encourage the voluntary transfer of stock projects to grid parity projects, actively promote the market-oriented trading pilot of distributed power generation, and strictly implement the construction conditions of grid parity projects. The Notice of the National Energy Administration on the Issues Related to the Construction of Wind Power and Photovoltaic Power Generation Projects in 2019 2019 、 The National Energy Administration issued Guo Neng Fa Xin Neng [2019] No. 49 in May 2019. The notice aims to actively promote the construction of grid parity projects, strictly regulate the competition allocation of subsidized projects, comprehensively implement the power supply and consumption conditions and optimize the construction of investment and business environment. In order to speed up the further development in photovoltaic sector, the Group will, on the one hand, increase the proportion of research and development investment, focusing on the research and development of high quality and leading photovoltaic tracking system products with sustained market competitiveness. Through innovation, we aim to improve product performance, reduce power generation cost and promote grid parity. With its own resources and competitive advantages, the Group actively promotes the photovoltaic ‘fore-runner’ project and photovoltaic poverty alleviation project. At the same time, we will continue to maintain the cooperation with large enterprise groups in the industry, so as to increase the market share of the Group’s photovoltaic tracking system in the industry. On the other hand, based on the steady development of domestic business, we intend to expand the market share in the international market. With the sustained global concern on the environmental protection, as well as the great impetus of “the Belt and Road” policy to the application of renewable energy by alongside countries and regions, the Group will also grasp its own technical advantages and successful experience to actively deploy overseas market and ensure its products pass UL testing and relevant international certification standards. Currently, the Group has made cooperation with Lebanon, and is planning to sell its products to Africa, India, Southeast Asia and other countries in the future. We believe that under the joint efforts of the Group as a whole, in the photovoltaic market where technological development becomes increasingly mature, the Group’s photovoltaic tracking system enjoying technological advantage will gain more recognition and popularity among its peers in the industry, and it will become much more competitive over time with a surging number of power stations applying such technology. As at 31 March 2019, the total number of issued shares of the Company is 818,000,000. As at 31 March 2019, the share capital and equity attributable to owners of the Company amounted to HK$8,180,000 and approximately HK$210,722,000 respectively (2018: HK$8,180,000 and approximately HK$197,166,000 respectively). As at 31 March 2019, the cash and cash equivalents of the Group amounted to approximately HK$78,659,000 (2018: approximately HK$69,831,000), representing an increase of approximately 13% as compared to that as at 31 March 2018. During the year, the Group has borrowed short-term bank loans amounted to approximately HK$103,171,000 which bear effective interest rates from 4.40% to 5.92% per annum. As at 31 March 2019, the gearing ratio of the Group was approximately 40% (2018: approximately 53%). The gearing ratio is calculated based on the total debt at the end of the year divided by the total debt plus total equity at the end of the respective year. Total debt represents all liabilities excluding trade and bills payables, other payables and accruals, tax payable and provision for reinstatement costs. The Group is principally engaged in the renewable energy business in the PRC and the operation and management of restaurants and cake shops in Hong Kong. As the renewable energy business segment of the Group has subsidiaries operating in the PRC, in which most of their transactions are denominated in Renminbi, the Group is exposed to foreign exchange fluctuations in Renminbi. The Group has not entered into any foreign exchange contract as hedging measures. The Group manages its foreign currency risk against Renminbi by closely monitoring its movement and the management may consider using hedging derivative, to manage its foreign currency risk in future should the need arises. Significant Investments Held, Material Acquisitions or Disposals of Subsidiaries and Affiliated Companies, On 29 September 2017 the Company and Happy Kind Holdings Limited (the “Purchaser”) entered into a sale and purchase agreement (the “Sale and Purchase Agreement”). Pursuant to the Sale and Purchase Agreement, the Purchaser conditionally agreed to acquire and the Company conditionally agreed to sell the entire issued share capital of Glory Kind Development Limited and its subsidiaries. The transaction was completed on 19 December 2018. Save as disclosed above, there were no other significant investments held, material acquisition or disposal of subsidiaries and affiliated companies, and other plans for material investments or capital assets during the year ended 31 March 2019. As at 31 March 2019, the Group had no material contingent liabilities (2018: nil). As at 31 March 2019, the Group had capital commitments of approximately HK$13,000 (2018: approximately HK$65,000). The Group had 176 employees (including Directors) as at 31 March 2019 (2018: 471 employees). The Group recruits and promotes individuals based on their performance and development potential in the positions held. In order to attract and retain high quality staff and to enable smooth operations within the Group, the Group offered competitive remuneration packages (with reference to market conditions and individual qualifications and experience) and various in-house training courses for both the renewable energy and the food and beverage businesses. The remuneration packages are subject to review on a regular basis. The Directors and senior management receive compensation in the form of fees, salaries, allowances, benefits in kind and/or discretionary bonuses relating to our performance. The emoluments of the Directors and senior management are reviewed by the remuneration committee of the Company, having regard to the Company’s operating results, market level of salaries paid by comparable companies, individual performance and achievement, and are approved by the Board. The Group’s remuneration to employees includes salaries and discretionary performance bonus. Duty meals are also provided to employees. The Group has adopted profit sharing schemes under which certain employees are benefited from it. The Group provides insurance coverage in respect of medical care and work injury to its employees. Rental allowance is also given to certain employees. The Group’s credit risk is primarily attributable to trade receivables, deposits and other receivables and cash and bank balances. The Group has no significant interest-bearing financial assets and liabilities with a floating interest rate. In the management of the liquidity risk, the Group monitors and maintains a level of cash and cash equivalents deemed adequate by management to finance the Group’s operations and mitigate the effects of fluctuations in cash flows. Our commitment to protect the environment is well reflected by our continuous efforts in promoting green measures and awareness in our daily business operations. Our Group encourages environmental protection and promotes awareness towards environmental protection to the employees. Our Group adheres to the principle of Recycling and Reducing. Furthermore, it uses energy-saving appliances in the production process to save energy. Our Group will review its environmental practices from time to time and will consider implementing further eco-friendly measures and practices in the operation of our Group’s businesses to move towards adhering the 3Rs – Reduce, Recycle and Reuse and enhance environmental sustainability. The Group’s Environmental, Social and Governance Report for the year ended 31 March 2019 will be published on the respective websites of the Stock Exchange and the Company on or before 30 September 2019. The Company is aware of the importance of complying with the relevant laws and regulations. The Company has distributed human resources to guarantee our constant compliance to provisions and codes, and build good relationship with supervision authorities through effective communication. During the year ended 31 March 2019, to the knowledge of the Directors, the Company has complied with the Securities and Futures Ordinance (Chapter 571 of the Laws of Hong Kong) (the “SFO”), the GEM Listing Rules and all other relevant legislations and regulations which have significant impacts on the Company. The Group maintains good relationship with its customers. The Group also maintains a good relationship with its suppliers. During the year ended 31 March 2019, there was no material dispute on salary payments and all accrued remunerations were settled on or before their respective due dates, as stipulated under individual employee’s employment contract. The Group also ensures that all the employees are reasonably remunerated by regular review the policies on salary increment, promotion, bonus, allowances and all other related benefits. In view of the above and as at the date of the annual report, there is no circumstance or any event which will have a significant impact on the Group’s business and on which the Group’s success depends. The key financial performance indicators of the Group for the year ended 31 March 2019 is set out in the section headed “Five Years’ Financial Summary” of the annual report. 