The liquidity position of the Group was satisfactory. Its current ratio was 2.81 as of 31 December 2019, compared with 2.78 as of 31 December 2018. The gearing ratio and debt to equity was 0.38 as of 31 December 2019 (31 December 2018: 0.38) and they were computed by the trade and other payables over total equity. During FY2019, the Group’s trade receivables turnover stood at 81 days, compared with 74 days in FY2018. The inventory turnover in FY2019 was 45 days, compared with 57 days in FY2018. Bank balances and cash were HK$255,198,000 as of 31 December 2019 (2018: HK$190,007,000), representing an increase of HK$65,191,000 as compared to the figures in the same period in FY2018, which was mainly due to lower level of inventory, capital expenditure and R&D expenditure. There were no bank borrowings as of 31 December 2019 (2018: Nil). The Group had no contingent liabilities as of 31 December During the year, the capital structure of the Company has not been changed with details shown in note 20(a) to the financial statements. The board of directors (the “Board”) of the Company has proposed a final dividend of 4 Hong Kong cents per ordinary share for the year ended 31 December 2019. The proposed final dividend, if approved by the shareholders at the forthcoming annual general meeting, will be paid on Tuesday, 9 June 2020 to the shareholders whose names appear on the register of members of the Company on Monday, 1 June 20(a) The Register of Members of the Company will be closed for the following periods: are entitled to attend and vote at the forthcoming annual general meeting to be held on Friday, 22 May 2020 (the “2020 AGM”), the register of members of the Company will be closed from Monday, 18 May 2020 to Friday, 22 May 2020, both days inclusive. In order to be qualified for attending and voting at the 2020 AGM, all transfer documents, accompanied p.m. on Friday, 15 May 2020. are qualified for the final dividend, the register of members of the Company will be closed from Thursday, 28 May 2020 to Monday, 1 June 2020, both days inclusive. In order to be qualified for the final dividend, all transfer documents, accompanied p.m. on Wednesday, 27 May 2020. The Group had no charges on assets as of 31 December Most of the Group’s transactions were conducted in the United States dollars, British Pound, Hong Kong dollars and Renminbi. The Group does not foresee any substantial exposure to foreign currency fluctuations and thus use of financial instruments for exchange rate hedging purpose is not considered. After China and United States has reached a tentative agreement for the “first phase” of the trade deal, the Group’s management has been more eager to launch more new innovative products in PRC and overseas in 2020. Despite there being a cloud of uncertainties surrounding global trade, the Group’s management believes new revenue stream from higher valued-added new product categories can be realized in 2020. The Group’s management has identified several new areas that we can apply our new technologies to develop more innovative products not only in grooming and air purification categories, but also in beverage related new product category. The Group’s investment in R&D enables us to maintain the HNTE status and allows the Group to apply new knowledge, patents and innovations developed in the new products and explore new product categories. The Group will look for the first sign of recovery to plan more aggressive new products launch in the near future. The Group’s management will remain resilient to tackle any immediate market downturns and form stronger partnership with our strategic customers and suppliers to weather the storm. Infectious disease such as coronavirus outbreak has created a challenging situation facing all the industries of the society since the beginning of 2020. The Group anticipates that the infectious disease might affect our employees’ health and bring disruption to our operations and supply chain. Against this backdrop, the Group had a three- pronged disaster recovery strategy to immediate revamp our operations: Business Continuity (contingency plan – how to remotely keep the critical processes going), Costs Control (contingency plan – how to optimise fixed costs and adopt fast cost cutting measures), and Cash Management (Review and reset safety stock level for finished goods and critical raw materials, maintain healthy cash level to weather the storm, and prioritize capital expenditures and cut unnecessary expenses). Coronavirus outbreak would inevitably have an adverse impact on the Group’s FY2020 first quarter results. Fortunately, the Group has already resumed normal production, and the supply chain has gradually restored back to normal, and the Group will make the best effort to make timely response and adjustments in the future with all possible effective aforementioned measures. Since the coronavirus outbreak, the Company has no experience in withdrawal of customers’ orders nor major disruption in the supply chain. However, the Company In the year 2019, the Group invested and promoted computerization of manufacturing. We integrated our bar code system with our ERP system. In the year 2020, the Group will continue to integrate our ERP system with new financial analytic software to enable cross functional transformation that can unlock the Group’s full operational potential. By scrutinizing the entire end-to-end process, from understanding customer needs to the delivery of finished products, the Group’s management can address the entire value chain to open up new business opportunities, make more efficient use of working capital and better manage discretionary spending. In addition, the Group’s management is looking at the feasibility of formulating a Big Data Strategy in manufacturing so that the management team can have access to real time data from various process activities to execute routine decisions in the following areas: (a) tracking of product quality and defects, (b) supply chain real time management, (c) optimizing machines and related predictive maintenance, and (d) engineering, process and quality analytics. In light of the difficulty experienced by other OEM manufacturers who relocated their factories to South East Asia, the Group has no immediate plan to set up new factories in South East Asian countries. The Group’s management will instead find a strategic partner who has existing production facilities in South East Asian countries to form a strategic alliance, or invest in companies that have existing production facilities in South East Asian countries. The Group currently employs approximately 32 Hong Kong staff members and provides them with the Mandatory Provident Fund Scheme. Our factory in the PRC employs approximately ranged from 480 to 510 staff members, and workers employed directly or indirectly ranged from 2,200 to 2,600 persons during the year ended 31 December 2019. Remuneration is determined by reference to their qualifications, experiences and performances. On behalf of the Board, I would like to extend the Board’s appreciation to all our staff for their hard work and dedication throughout the year ended 31 December 2019. 