As stated in the announcement of the Company dated 21 June 2018, the Board has resolved to change the financial year end date of the Company from 31 March to 31 December with effect from the financial year 2018, to align the financial year end date of the Company with the financial year end date of its operating subsidiaries in the PRC, thereby streamlining the preparation of the financial reporting process of the Company. Accordingly, the current financial period covers the whole year from 1 January 2019 to 31 December 2019 (the “Reporting Period”), while the comparative figures cover the period of nine months from 1 April 2018 to 31 December 2018, which may not be fully comparable to the results of this Reporting Period. The Board hereby announces that the Group recorded a net loss of approximately HK$1,961,815,000 during the Reporting Period (for the nine months ended 31 December 2018: net loss of approximately HK$691,176,000). The net loss was mainly due to the significant loss in the fair value of one of the Group’s financial assets and provision for significant impairment of relevant financial assets. As at 31 December 2019, the Group recorded total assets of approximately HK$23,198,805,000 (31 December 2018: HK$13,377,465,000) and total liabilities of approximately HK$12,947,348,000 (31 December 2018: HK$8,499,219,000), and therefore net assets amounted to approximately HK$10,251,457,000 (31 December 2018: HK$4,878,246,000). The Group is an investment holding company and its subsidiaries were engaged in the following major operating segments during the Reporting Period: a) During the Reporting Period, the financial leasing business recorded a loss of approximately HK$387,792,000 (for the nine months ended 31 December 2018: loss of approximately HK$465,244,000), which was mainly due to the Group’s provision for impairment of relevant financial assets of approximately HK$343,199,000, of which finance lease receivables impairment amounted to approximately HK$342,076,000. In the recent years, affected by factors such as the slowdown of the macro economic growth and intensified competition in the industry, the growth rate of the number of enterprises and the balances of lease contracts in the financial leasing industry has slowed down significantly. Meanwhile, the increasingly stringent financial regulatory environment gave rise to limitations against the financing channels for companies in the financial leasing industry, bringing out more difficulties for the overall operation. As the current condition gets improvement to certain extent, the capital financing channels are gradually broadened, and we believe the overall industry will recover step by step. On the other hand, as the penetration of the financial leasing industry in the PRC market is still far lower than that in the developed countries, there are still great development space and market potentials at present. b) During the Reporting Period, affected by the fluctuation of stock markets, the Group’s securities portfolio recorded an unrealised fair value loss on financial assets at fair value through profit or loss of approximately HK$1,346,743,000 (for the nine months ended 31 December 2018: loss of approximately HK$223,223,000) and a realised loss on financial assets at fair value through profit or loss of approximately HK$16,313,000 (for the nine months ended 31 December 2018: loss of approximately HK$7,535,000). The unrealised fair value changes had no impact on the Group’s cash flow as they were non-cash items. c) During the Reporting Period, the revenue from the money lending segment was approximately HK$76,420,000 (for the nine months ended 31 December 2018: approximately HK$83,064,000). The decrease in revenue was due to the loan repayments of some customers. The Group will continue to adopt a prudent and compliant management approach to maintain steady growth in business and profitability. C.I.F. Financial Limited, a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, holds a money lender license. d) During the Reporting Period, the financial technology business recorded a profit of approximately HK$171,864,000 (for the nine months ended 31 December 2018: profit of approximately HK$26,256,000). The increase in profit was mainly attributable to the expansion of business, driving an increase in the turnover of this business. In the future, the financial technology segment will continue to create synergy with other businesses of the Group, bringing favourable conditions for the Group’s development. During the Reporting Period, the Group also carried out the businesses of operating an asset trading platform, securities brokerage and commercial factoring. The Company, through its subsidiary, Shenzhen Asia-Pacific Leasing Assets Exchange Center Co., Ltd.* (“LAECAP”), is engaged in the trading business of financial leasing, leasing assets as well as other related leasing properties, and provision of spot trading platform and marketing and consulting services related to the above businesses. During the Reporting Period, under the directions of Shenzhen Municipal Financial Regulatory Bureau (Shenzhen Municipal Financial Service Office) to the Opinions on the Safe Handling of Remaining Issues and Risks of Local Trading Places* issued by the China Securities Regulatory Commission, the Group entered into an agreement with Shenzhen Qianhai Financial Leasing Financial Trading Center Co., Ltd.* (now known as “Shenzhen Guangjin United Investment Co., Ltd*” ), an independent third party, (the “Laecap Investor”) that (i) to transfer the Group's 50% equity interest in LAECAP to the Laecap Investor on 30 December 2019; (ii) the Laecap Investor has guaranteed to refrain from engaging in similar business of LAECAP; and (iii) the Laecap Investor shall transfer its existing business which are the same and similar to LAECAP, related staff and customer relationship to LAECAP. The Directors consider that the Group can exercise control over LAECAP through controlling its board of directors which can direct the relevant activities of LAECAP. Therefore, the financial results of LAECAP are consolidated into the consolidated financial results of the Group. In 2019, amid great changes in the domestic and international economic environment, the uncertainties of the global economy increased and the development of the overall economy witnessed a slowdown. In early January this year, the International Monetary Fund (IMF) downgraded its global growth forecast for 2019 to 2.9%, the lowest since the global economic crisis. The slowdown in economic growth was mainly due to the intensifying trade conflicts and geopolitical tensions, which caused more uncertainties in the future global trading system and international cooperation and had an adverse impact on the global business environment, investment decision and global trade. The central banks across the world had adopted more accommodative monetary policies to mitigate the impact of the said tensions on the financial market sentiment and activities. Nevertheless, global economic growth still tended to slow down with unstable outlook. The changes in the external environment further increased the downward pressure on China’s economic growth. According to the data published by the National Bureau of Statistics, the gross domestic product (GDP) in 2019 increased by 6.1% year-on-year, lower than 6.6% in 2018. Meanwhile, as the current domestic economy is transforming from high-speed growth to high-quality growth and economic structure is also undergoing adjustment and optimisation, it is projected that the economic growth will remain under pressure in the short term. Looking forward to 2020, in order to address the potential risks associated with economic downward and to further invigorate micro-entities in the market, the PRC government is expected to implement a prudent monetary policy and a proactive fiscal policy and thus the basic trend of future economy will continue to maintain steady development while making good for a long term. This year is the last year of the 13th Five-year Plan of the PRC (the “Plan”), and the Plan highlights the Guangdong-Hong Kong-Macao Greater Bay Area to be constructed and developed into a city cluster with global competitiveness. Currently, the Guangdong-Hong Kong-Macao Greater Bay Area is one of the regions in the PRC with the highest level of openness and economic vibrancy and has the fundamental conditions to become an international top bay area and a world-class city cluster. With a gradual introduction and implementation of development policies and complementary measures for the Greater Bay Area, local and cross-border demands for investment and financing will surge, providing enormous opportunities for the business development of the Group. Moreover, since the outbreak of the COVID-19 at the beginning of the year, the Group has taken the employees’ health as its top priority, and actively implemented various higher standards, more stringent requirements and more practicable measures to better carry out the pandemic control and prevention works. In order to improve the financial service security and crisis response during the pandemic period, the Group has promptly assessed the actual situation and made a flexible adjustment to business development, so as to protect the interests of customers as much as practicable and maintain the steady and healthy development of all businesses. Meanwhile, in response to the national government’s guidance on further strengthening financial support for the pandemic control and prevention, the Group will actively cooperate with banks, insurance companies and other parties to reinforce the financial supports for the key areas in the society and livelihood. In the future, the Group will fully capitalise the development opportunities brought by a series of national policies on, among others, the development of Guangdong-Hong Kong-Macao Greater Bay Area, the “Belt and Road” Initiative, the replacement of old growth drivers with new ones in Shandong Province, the transformation and upgrading of domestic traditional industries and the development of emerging industries. Meanwhile, by leveraging the abundant resource and market superiority of Shandong Hi-Speed Group, the controlling shareholder, as well as the Group’s extensive experience in the capital markets of mainland China and Hong Kong, the Group will continue to enhance its business strength and thoroughly implement the dual strategy of direct investment and strategic M&A with an aim to develop into a fast-growing first-class investment, financing and financial holding platform in the Greater China Region. The Group will continue to seek potential acquisition targets that will create synergy with the Group and enhance its profitability. As at the date of this report, the Group does not have any specific acquisition target. From 31 December 2019 to the date of this report, there were no significant reportable events or transaction incurred in the Group. On 15 January 2019, the Group issued US$550,000,000 5.95% guaranteed bonds due 2020. Given the abovementioned bonds were well received by the market, the Group further issued US$50,000,000 5.95% guaranteed bonds due 2020 on 19 February 2019. On 25 July 2019, the Group issued US$100,000,000 4.30% guaranteed bonds due 2029. On 1 August 2019, the Group issued US$500,000,000 3.95% guaranteed bonds due 2022 and US$900,000,000 4.30% guaranteed perpetual securities. The above issuances of bonds and securities are a significant step of the Group in gaining recognition in the international financial market and would provide the Group with an additional source of funding for its business development. Further details about the abovementioned matters are set out in the announcements of the Company dated 9 January 2019, 15 January 2019, 19 February 2019 and 26 July 2019, respectively. The Group adopts a prudent approach to cash and financial management to properly manage risks and reduce capital costs. As at 31 December 2019, the Group’s total assets and borrowings were HK$23,198,805,000 and HK$12,564,641,000, respectively. The borrowings of the Group were comprised of bank borrowings, bonds and other borrowings of approximately HK$2,825,575,000, HK$9,584,184,000 and HK$154,882,000, respectively. Details of the bank loans and other borrowings of the Group are disclosed in note 30 to the consolidated financial statements. As at 31 December 2019, the outstanding bonds of the Group included a 5.95% guaranteed bond in the amount of approximately HK$4,806,638,000, a 3.95% guaranteed bond in the amount of approximately HK$3,963,252,000, a 4.30% guaranteed bonds in the amount of approximately HK$793,841,000 and two unsecured seven-year ordinary bonds in the amount of approximately HK$20,453,000 bearing an interest rate of 5% per annum. Although the above-stated bonds and some borrowings were denominated in US dollars, the exchange rate was relatively stable and the unsecured bonds were denominated in Hong Kong dollars, thus the Company was not subject to the risks in relation to exchange rate fluctuations. The gearing ratio (total borrowings divided by total assets) as at 31 December 2019 was approximately 54.16% (31 December 2018: approximately 60.44%). The Group’s monetary assets, liabilities and transactions are mainly denominated in Renminbi, Hong Kong dollars and US dollars. The Group is mainly exposed to foreign exchange risk with respect to Renminbi, which may affect the Group’s performance. The management will pay attention to the exchange rate exposure that may be arising from the continuing fluctuation of Renminbi, closely monitor its impact on the performance of the Group and will consider adopting appropriate hedging measures in the future when necessary. In addition, the Group also pays close attention to the impact of the U.S. interest rate fluctuations on its U.S. dollar-denominated assets, and takes appropriate response measures. During the Reporting Period, the Group has neither held any financial instruments for hedging purposes, nor any currency borrowings or other hedging instruments to hedge its net foreign currency investments. As at 31 December 2019, the Group's finance lease receivables with carrying amount of approximately HK$282,102,000 have been pledged to secure for bank borrowings. Save as disclosed in notes 37 and 44 to the consolidated financial statements, the Group did not have any other significant contingent liabilities and capital commitment during the Reporting Period. Save as disclosed in notes 21 and 22 to the consolidated financial statements, the Group did not have any other significant investments during the Reporting Period. Save as disclosed in the section headed “Future Prospects” on pages 9 to 10 in this report, the Group did not have any future plans for significant investment or capital assets acquisition during the Reporting Period and as at the date of this report. During the Reporting Period, neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries had purchased, sold or redeemed any of the Company’s listed securities. During the Reporting Period, the Group did not have any material acquisitions or disposals of subsidiaries. As at 31 December 2019, the Group had a workforce, including the directors of the Company and its subsidiaries, of 562 employees, of which 486, 67 and 9 were based in the PRC, Hong Kong and Singapore, respectively. Staff costs incurred and charged to profit or loss for the Reporting Period, including Directors’ remuneration, were approximately HK$161,912,000 (for the nine months ended 31 December 2018: approximately HK$97,400,000). The increase was mainly due to business expansion, organisational restructuring, manpower deployment and increase in salaries. The Group selects and promotes staff based on their qualification, experience and suitability for the position offered. The Group’s remuneration policy aims to retain and motivate staff. Performance of staff is appraised annually to provide a basis for the review of the remuneration package. Meanwhile, competitive remuneration packages are offered to employees by reference to the prevailing market rate and individual merits. The Company participates in a Mandatory Provident Fund Scheme under the Hong Kong Mandatory Provident Fund Schemes Ordinance (Chapter 485 of the Laws of Hong Kong) for all its employees in Hong Kong. The employees of the Group’s PRC subsidiaries are members of a State-managed retirement benefit plan operated by the government of the PRC. The PRC subsidiaries are required to contribute a specified percentage of payroll costs to the retirement benefit scheme to fund the benefits. The only obligation of the Group with respect to the retirement benefit plan is to make the specified contributions. The Group has adopted a series of human resource management initiatives to attract and cultivate talents, including providing training programmes and development opportunities for its staff. The Group has established individual training and development record for each of our employees to improve their professional service standards and to keep them updated with the latest knowledge developments and help them develop sufficient professional capability to provide better services for investors and other stakeholders. The Group has also been implementing the “Internal Sharing Plan” in the Group, encouraging our staff to share their expertise and experience with others. In addition, the Group encouraged all employees to participate in financial knowledge training courses organised by various commercial institutions to enrich and improve their understanding of finance. The Group provided benefits including Mandatory Provident Fund Scheme, staff quarters and medical insurance. Meanwhile, the Group provided other benefits to the staff in accordance with the prevailing market practice. The Group is committed to supporting environmental sustainability. The Group implements environmental policies and measures in our daily business operations to mitigate the Group’s impact on the environment. The Group also pays a high level of attention to indicators of energy usage and emission. Although the Group is not involved in any manufacturing activities, it adheres to low-carbon travel without hindering the efficient operations of the Group. Employees shall strictly comply with the specifications of travel allowance claim under the daily expense standards. Based on the principles of efficiency and conservation, the Group encourages our employees to choose low-carbon and efficient means of transportation, such as MTR and other public transport. The Group also encourages employees to travel together and take the same flight to allow pick-up in one go and conserve energy. Adhering to the policies of efficient use of energy, water and other resources, the Group endorses conservation of energy and resources in daily operations. The Group posts energy-saving reminder notices at light switches and other conspicuous areas as one of the measures for energy conservation. The Group advocates the Energy Saving Charter on Indoor Temperature and maintains an average indoor temperature of our offices between 24°C to 26°C during summer time to save energy; uses LED lights included in the Voluntary Energy Efficiency Labelling Scheme launched by the Electrical and Mechanical Services Department of Hong Kong; selects energy-efficient appliances (e.g. refrigerators, air-conditioners); requests employees to switch off the office lights when they are off work; encourages reuse of stationery, such as old envelopes and folders; and promotes double-sided printing and reuse of paper for facsimile. A comprehensive Environmental, Social and Governance Report (the “ESG Report”) will be published on the websites of the Company and The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the “Stock Exchange”) no later than three months after the publication of this report. During the Reporting Period, as far as the Company is aware, there was no material breach of or non-compliance with applicable laws or regulations by the Group that has a material adverse impact on the business and operations of the Group. The audit committee of the Board was established in accordance with the requirements of the Code for the purposes of, among others, reviewing and providing supervision over the Group’s financial reporting processes and internal controls. The Audit Committee comprises four independent non-executive Directors. The Group’s consolidated results for the year ended 31 December 2019 have been reviewed by the Audit Committee the Board. The Group believes that the people-oriented talent management model is crucial to the long-term development of the Group. The Group attaches great importance to team building and talent introduction, and has always adhered to the principles of openness, equality, competition and selection to hire excellent talents. The Group’s employee management focuses on recruiting and developing talents. Staff performance is measured on a regular and structured basis to provide employees with appropriate feedback and to ensure their alignment with the Group’s corporate strategy. The Group also understands that maintaining a good long-term relationship with business partners is one of its primary objectives. Accordingly, the management has used its best endeavours to maintain good communications, promptly exchange ideas and share business updates with them when appropriate. During the Reporting Period, there was no material or significant dispute between the Group and its business partners. 