The Company is a leading global provider of energy-based medical aesthetic treatment systems, with comprehensive in-house capability to design, develop and produce such systems, which feature its innovative and proprietary technologies. Alma, the Company’s core subsidiary, has recently entered the injectables market with a distribution agreement from IBSA Derma, a Swiss cosmeceutical company and a leading subsidiary of IBSA Pharma Corporation, for the distribution of its products in Israel, Hong Kong, India and China. The “Alma” brand, as well as the brands of many of the Group’s products such as “Soprano”, “Harmony”, “ClearLift”, “Accent”, “FemiLift” and “BeautiFill” are widely recognised and well regarded among treatment providers and treatment recipients worldwide. The Group also sells its treatment systems via distributors and direct sales customers in over 90 countries and jurisdictions worldwide. The treatment systems developed and manufactured by the Company can be used for a broad range of non-invasive and minimally invasive medical aesthetic treatments. The Company has a comprehensive portfolio of treatment systems, including its Core product line and Beauty product line, which can be utilized to perform non-invasive medical aesthetic treatments such as hair removal, skin rejuvenation, skin resurfacing, body contouring, skin tightening, treatment of vascular and pigmented lesions, tattoo removal, acne treatment and cellulite reduction. The Company’s treatment systems can also be utilized to perform minimally invasive treatments such as assisted liposuction and fat grafting, feminine health, treatment of varicose veins and ear, nose and throat procedures. The Company’s flagship offerings include: (i) the “Soprano” family, primarily used for laser hair removal; (ii) the Harmony family, a versatile multi-application platform that can be used to treat more than 65 different FDA-cleared indications; (iii) the “Accent” family, primarily used for body contouring and skin tightening, all of which belong to its Core product line; (iv) “FemiLift”, a minimally invasive treatment system for various feminine conditions; and (v) “BeautiFill” by LipoFlow platform, the first and only energy-based device cleared by the FDA for autologous fat grafting. In addition, the Company offers Beauty product line treatment systems such as REJUVE and SPADEEP. 2. Business review of 2019 Alma, our core subsidiary, celebrated its 20th anniversary in 2019. Having achieved such major milestone, we also embarked 2019 by reflecting, regrouping and refining our mission, long-term strategy and concrete workplan. In 2019, Sisram’s established global sales and distribution network recorded a total revenue of US$173.5 million for the Reporting Period, representing an increase of 12.7% when compared to 2018. The increase was primarily attributable to the revenue growth from sales of both non-invasive products and minimally invasive products across three main treatment domains – hair removal, body contouring and fat grafting, surpassing industry trend analysis and forecast. The corporate attention allocated to the surgical (minimally-invasive) business unit had resulted in significant research and development achievements as well as an impressive 16.0% YOY revenue increase. The gross profit margin amounted to 55.3%, compared to 53.5% in 2018. Gross profit increased by 16.5% in 2019 primarily due to a higher proportion of sales to direct sales customers, which usually derived a higher margin, compared to distributors. The shifting towards direct sales is a result of the deployment of a value creation methodology aimed to strengthen our brand awareness and brand positioning. The establishment of direct operation offices in chosen territories has enabled the Company to shorten the supply chain, gain a higher brand visibility and ensure consistency among the communications with the target clientele. During 2019, Alma has established three new direct sales offices in Israel, Australia and South Korea, respectively. With this methodology in place, revenue derived from direct sales has surpassed revenue derived from distributors for the first instance in 2019, with 53.9% attributed to the former and 46.1% to the latter. For the Reporting Period, the Group recorded profit before tax of US$24.8 million and recorded profit for the year of US$21.9 million, representing an increase of 9.0% and 0.5% respectively, when compared with the year ended December 31, 2018. The increase in profit before tax and profit for the year was mainly due to the steady business growth (US$1.6 million) and lower finance interest expenses (US$0.2 million). For the Reporting Period, the Group recorded an adjusted net profit of US$27.0 million representing a decrease of 8.5% when compared with the corresponding period of 2018. The adjusted net profit margin for the Reporting Period was 15.5%. The terms of adjusted net profit and adjusted net profit margin are not financial measures defined under IFRSs. Please see “Financial review – Adjusted net profit and adjusted net profit margin” section below for further details. The net cash flow from operating activities amounted to US$21.0 million, representing an increase of 29.6% when compared to 2018, The increase is attributed to one-off IPO bonus expenses that were paid during 2018. R&D investments increased by 13.9% YOY, excluding one-off IPO bonus expenses incurred in 2018. 25.6% of corporate employees are R&D specialists. We have launched 2 new products – (1) Soprano Titanium, the most advanced laser hair removal platform on the market today, that swept the market by storm, demonstrating 31.5% growth in the laser hair removal product line revenues YOY and (2) Colibri technology, a needle-thin Microplasma applicator designed for non-surgical blepharoplasty and wrinkles reduction, creating significant market traction. On the clinical research front, we have recently filed a provisional application in the USA for a patent on harvesting high quality stromal vascular fraction (SVF) cells and adipose-derived stromal cells (ASCs) from lipoaspirate fat. This patent and technology are expected to further expand our surgical and regenerative medicine applications. The infrastructure work and investment in developing and excelling our North America sales operation has already registered success Alma triumphed two Global Aesthetic Awards by MyFaceMyBody, the largest, most respected and highly recognised awards in the aesthetic industry, celebrating excellence all over the world: o “Best New Product of the Year” for its recently launched Soprano TitaniumTM, the most advanced laser hair removal o “Best Anti-Ageing Treatment of the Year” for its ClearLiftTM – Harmony XL PROTM, a leading fractional non-ablative Q-Switched laser primarily used for skin rejuvenation On January 15, 2019, Alma, a subsidiary of the Company, acquired 60% equity interest in Nova at a consideration of US$7.9 million. The acquisition was undertaken to consolidate its distribution operation and gain more market opportunities in Israel. During the Reporting Period, we have continuously explored new business opportunities, following the charted guidelines – strengthen our APAC position, diverse our business and create synergistic value with Alma. Global ERP project, designed to accelerate the Company’s growth, is in implementation phase, go live on first quarter of 2020 Alma’s new campus project is in execution phase with 65% of plan accomplished. The campus will consolidate five operation sites into one with future expansion capacity of 50%. Facility transition is planned for August 2020 Competitive procurement project, including advanced suppliers’ control structural methods, has been designed and is in implementation 3. Outlook for 2020 In 2020, Sisram intends to adopt a constructive disruption strategy by evaluating and implementing near-future technologies, ventures and synergies so as to bolster our global position. The Group’s efforts throughout 2020 will strategically focus on digitalization, brand and eco-system building and lean innovation. We will continue to the pursuit of our mission to provide modular, cost-effective and high-performance systems based on the very latest clinical research and cutting-edge technologies, and to adhere to its corporate vision of “Enhancing Quality of Life”. We plan to focus on the following targets: Develop our market share in the new territories such as Australia and South Korea; Continue the North America’s sales and marketing focus following the successful results achieved in 2019; Explore untapped direct operation opportunities worldwide; Allocate R&D resources to explore the c o m b i n a t i o n o f e n e r g y s o u r c e s a n d pharmaceuticals, develop technologies, products and protocols that will best utilise the findings of the Company’s research; Conduct additional clinical studies, including FDA focused trials; Distribute affiliating products and technologies in a private label/ODM model; Leverage Fosun’s channels in China to capture a larger market share (for surgical, injectables, beauty and cosmeceuticals segments); Follow our eco-system strategic planning by searching, evaluating and executing relevant M&A’s initiatives that will further strengthen our R&D capabilities, products portfolio and Since the outbreak of COVID-19, we have been closely monitoring our global operation, following each country’s specific official instructions. Practicing in an agile operation mode, we respond quickly to local challenges and shift required resources across the globe. In addition, we are digitizing sales, marketing and service activities to maintain adequate business operation. The Company is a leading global provider of energy-based medical aesthetic treatment systems, with comprehensive in-house capability to design, develop and produce such systems, which feature its innovative and proprietary technologies. The Company sells its treatment systems in over 90 countries and jurisdictions worldwide to its direct sale customers and its distributors. The following table sets forth the consolidated statement of profit or loss for the years indicated: (US$ in thousands, except for percentages) Research and development (22.7%) A. During the Reporting Period, revenue of the Group increased from US$153.9 million to US$173.5 million, representing an increase of 12.7% when compared to 2018. The overall increase was primarily attributable to an increase in the sales volume of main consoles and applicators for the Company’s different products. Furthermore, the expansion of the Company’s business is a direct result of increased brand recognition, expansion into new geographic territories, as well as increased demand for medical aesthetic treatments globally. We generate revenue from the following revenue streams: (i) sale of goods; and (ii) services and others. The revenue from sale of goods amounted to US$160.7 million, representing an increase of 12.4% as compared with 2018, which was mainly attributed to the growing revenue from sales of non-invasive products and minimally invasive products across three main treatment domains – hair removal, body contouring and fat grafting. The revenue from service and others amounted to US$12.8 million, representing an increase of 16.9% as compared with 2018. The following table sets forth our revenue breakdown by main product lines and as a percentage of our total revenue for the years indicated: (US$ in thousands, except for percentages) Sale of Goods: Non-invasive medical Non-EBD* Non-EBD (Energy Based Devices) – includes sales of Dermal Fillers. We have derived a substantial majority of our revenue from our Core product line, representing 71.7% of our total revenue for the Reporting Period. This includes our flagship non-invasive medical aesthetics treatment systems: “Soprano”, “Harmony” and “Accent” platforms, as well as our Aesthetic Precision product line. Revenue from the sale of our Core product line was US$124.4 million in 2019, representing an increase of 10.2% in comparison with a revenue of US$112.8 million in 2018. The increase was mainly attributed to our laser hair removal line of products. Revenue from our minimally invasive product line increased by 16.0% and amounted to US$22.1 million compared to US$19.1 million in 2018. The increase is primarily attributed to the growth in sales volume of our “BeautiFill” by LipoFlow platform, the first and only energy-based device cleared by the FDA for autologous fat grafting. The following table sets forth our revenue by geographic segments for the years indicated: (US$ in thousands, except for percentages) (9.7%) (21.0%) During 2019, APAC, Europe and North America were the Company’s most important geographic segments by revenue contribution, though sales were distributed broadly across many regions globally. The Company has strived to maintain and expand its geographically diverse sales network, which will allow the Company to readily capture strong regional demand, as well as help the Company to balance and minimise risks from regional economics downfalls. The revenue derived from the Europe segment increased by 3.8% to US$48.3 million in 2019 from US$46.5 million in 2018. The increase is attributed to a higher portion of direct sales of 53.9% when compared to 38.2% in 2018. The revenue derived from North America increased by 28.2% to US$47.5 million in 2019 from US$37.0 million in 2018. The increase is attributed to our prominent position in the body contouring market with the successful launch of our fat grafting solution – “BeautiFill” by LipoFlow, the first and only energy-based device cleared by the FDA for autologous fat grafting. The revenue derived from APAC decreased by 9.7% to US$43.8 million in 2019 from US$48.5 million in 2018. We have been tracking the APAC region results for few quarters, as well as designing and executing regional focus strategy which is manifested through the establishment of two new subsidiaries in South Korea and Australia. The revenue derived from Middle East and Africa increased by 240.6% to US$21.7 million in 2019 the from US$6.4 million in 2018. The increase is mainly attributed to the transition from distributors sales model to direct sales model, as a result of the acquisition of Nova, Alma’s distributor in Israel. Please see the “Mergers & Acquisitions” section above for further details. Our Latin America revenue decreased by 21.0% to US$12.2 million in the Reporting Period from US$15.5 million in the corresponding period in 2018. The decrease is related to the challenging geo-economical atmosphere in Latin America manifested in local currencies exchange rates fluctuations. B. During the Reporting Period, the cost of sales primarily comprised the costs of production materials, and to a lesser extent, remuneration of production employees, the cost of rendering of services, and overheads and other miscellaneous costs relating to production For the Reporting Period, the cost of sales of the Group increased by 8.4% to US$77.6 million from US$71.6 million in 2018, which is mainly caused by material costs as a result of the increase in sales volume. C. During the Reporting Period, gross profit of the Group increased by 16.5% to US$95.9 million from US$82.3 million for in 2018 for the reasons set out in Revenue and Cost of sales above. The gross profit margin increased to 55.3% for the Reporting Period from 53.5% in 2018. The increase relates mainly to a higher portion of direct sales 53.9% when compared to 38.2% in 2018. D. The selling and distribution expenses primarily consist of: (i) employees’ salaries and related cost; (ii) sales commission to sales employees and independent agents; (iii) marketing expenses such as participation in tradeshows; and (iv) administrative and other sales and marketing expenses. During the Reporting Period, selling and distribution expenses of the Group increased by 33.2% to US$43.5 million from US$32.7 million for the corresponding period in 2018, the increase resulted from the transition to direct sales, which was in turn mainly attributed to the growth in sales in the North America segment. The increase was also attributed to the consolidation of Nova’s expenses. E. Administrative expenses primarily consist of: (i) amortisation of intangible assets; (ii) remuneration paid to administration employees; (iii) professional fees paid and administrative costs; (iv) fees relating to the operation facilities; and (v) other miscellaneous expenses. During the Reporting Period, administrative expenses of the Group increased by 7.2% to US$15.8 million from US$14.8 million in 2018. The increase is mainly attributed to the consolidation of Nova’s expenses and the revaluation of contingent consideration related to the acquisition of Nova. Administrative expenses also include amortization of intangible assets arising from the acquisitions of Alma and Nova. During the Reporting Period, the amortization expense amounted to US$5.2 million, representing an increase of US$0.4 million when compared to US$4.8 million in 2018. F. The Group’s research and development expenses primarily consist of: (i) remuneration to R&D team members; (ii) cost of materials used in R&D efforts; (iii) expenses related to clinical studies; and (iv) expenses related to regulatory compliance and registration of patents and trademarks. During the Reporting Period, majority of R&D expenses were recorded in the period that such expenses were incurred and were not capitalised. During the Reporting Period, R&D expense increased by 0.9% to US$10.5 million from US$10.4 million for the corresponding period in 2018. During the Reporting Period, R&D expenses increased by 13.9% from the corresponding period in 2018, excluding one-off IPO bonus expenses incurred in 2018. G. Finance costs are comprised mainly of interest on bank loans. In the Reporting Period, finance costs also include interest on lease liabilities, which were recognised upon the adoption of IFRS 16 – Leases on January 1, 2019. Finance costs decreased to US$0.7 million in 2019 from US$0.9 million in 2018, since lower interests is recorded on debts during 2019 due to the repayment of bank loans. H. The Israeli corporate tax rates are both 23% in 2019 and 2018. Each entity in the Group is taxable based on its standalone results as measured by the local tax system. During the Reporting Period, income tax expense increased to US$2.9 million, representing an increase of 204.7% from US$1.0 million in 2018. This was primarily attributable to Alma special taxation terms enjoyed from January 1, 2017 to December 31, 2018, details of which are set out below: On December 4, 2018 a ruling from the Israeli Income Tax Authority granted Alma a SPTE status, in accordance with the legal criteria and the conditions mentioned in the ruling, effective from January 1, As a result of the ruling with respect to the SPTE status in December 2018, the Company recorded a tax benefit of US$4.3 million (US$2.0 million with respect to 2018 and US$2.3 million with respect to 2017). As the one-off two-year SPTE status has expired on December 31, 2018, in lieu of any renewed SPTE status, the income tax expense during the Reporting Period increased and the effective tax rate of the Group is 11.7% for the Reporting Period, an increase from that of 4.2% in 2018. I. As a result of the foregoing, during the Reporting Period, our profit for the year increased by 0.5% to US$21.9 million from US$21.8 million for the corresponding period in 2018. The net profit margin of the Group for 2019 and 2018 were 12.6% and 14.2%, respectively. J. The Group calculates adjusted net profit by taking profit for the period and adjusting: (i) amortization of other intangible assets; (ii) changes in contingent consideration arising from the acquisition of Nova; (iii) bonus to managements and employees as a result of the completion of the Listing; (iv) due diligence; (v) deferred tax liability arising from other intangible assets, which primarily relates acquisitions; (vi) one-off VAT adjustment; and (vii) one-off income tax due to encouragement law true up. The Group calculates adjusted net profit margin by dividing adjusted net profit by revenue. The Group presents this financial measure because it is used to evaluate financial performance by excluding the impact of items that the Group does not consider indicative of the Group’s ordinary operating performance. The term adjusted net profit is not a financial measure defined under IFRSs. The use of adjusted net profit has material limitations as an analytical tool, as it does not include all items that impact net profit for the period. Items excluded from adjusted net profit are significant components in understanding and assessing the Group’s operating and financial performance. The following table reconciles the adjusted net profit for the reporting period presented to the most directly comparable financial measure calculated and presented in accordance with IFRSs, which is profit for the year: Adjusted for: (100.0%) (100.0%) Deduct: deferred tax arising from other (100.0%) (100.0%) (8.5%) A. The Board aims to have a better control in its treasury operations and endeavors to maintain an adequate level of cash and cash equivalents. The functional currency of the Group is the U.S. Dollar and most of the sales proceeds are denominated in U.S. Dollar. Please see “Risk Management – Foreign Currency Exposure” for further details. The Group generally finances its operation with internally generated resources. To ensure that the financial resources have been used in the most cost-effective and efficient way, the Board would also consider various funding sources to address the Group’s financial obligations and operational needs. The Board would also review and evaluate the adequacy and effectiveness of the treasury functions from time to time. B. As at December 31, 2019 and December 31, 2018, the Group’s cash and cash equivalents exceeded the total debt. As such, no gearing ratio was presented. C. During the Reporting Period, the interest coverage, which is calculated by EBIT (Earnings Before Interest and Taxes) divided by financial costs was 35.1 times as compared with 25.2 times for the corresponding period in 2018. The interest coverage increased mainly because the Group’s EBIT during the Reporting Period increased by 7.8% to US$25.6 million from US$23.7 million in 2018, and finance cost decreased by 22.7% to US$0.7 million from US$0.9 million in 2018. D. As of December 31, 2019, Sisram did not have any unutilised banking facilities. Sisram is mainly financing its operations through cash generated from operating activities. E. As at December 31, 2019, total interest-bearing bank and other borrowings at a floating interest rate amounted to US$2.8 million (As at December 31, 2018: US$2.2 million). F. The following tables sets forth the maturity structure of outstanding debts as at December 31, 2019 and December 31, 2018. Lease liabilities were initially recognised upon the adoption of IFRS 16 – Leases on January 1, 2019 and no such liabilities were recorded as of December 31, 2018. Bank loan, secured (a)/(b) Current portion of long-term 6-month LIBOR+3.75 6-month LIBOR+3.75 6-month Bank loan, secured (a)/(b) Note: LIBOR stands for London Interbank Offered Rate. December 31, December 31, G. On April 13, 2014, the Company entered into a loan agreement pursuant to which an unconditional guarantee agreement with the banks was entered into, pursuant to which, the Company granted and pledged to the banks a continuing security interest in all the Company’s assets. In addition, the Company granted and pledged to the banks all of the issued and outstanding shares of Alma and a floating charge over all of the present and future assets of the Company as they may be from time to time. The Company also agreed not to sell, transfer, assign, mortgage, pledge, lease, grant a security interest in, or encumber any of its assets. The Company has met all the aforementioned financial covenants. The remaining balance of such loan amounted to US$0.7 million as at December 31, 2019, which is fully covered by the Company’s cash balance. Nova, Alma’s subsidiary, entered into loan agreements pursuant to which Nova pledged to the banks all of the issued and outstanding shares of Nova and a floating charge over all of the present and future assets of the Company as they may be from time to time. The remaining balance of such loan amounted to US$1.1 million as at December 31, 2019, which is fully covered by the Company’s cash balance. Sisram is using its cash primarily for its operating activities, payments of interest and principals of debts due, payments for purchases and capital expenditures and funding growth and expansion of its business. The table below shows the cash flow of the Group generated from (or used in) operating activities, investing activities and financing activities for 2019 and 2018. (46.3%) (11.1%) (47.3%) (18.6%) (88.7%) For the Reporting Period, the net cash flows from operating activities were US$21.0 million, which was primarily attributable to: (i) the profit before tax of US$24.8 million; (ii) total adjustments for profit or loss items of US$10.2 million; (iii) working capital adjustments of US$11.6 million; and (iv) income tax paid of US$2.4 million. For the Reporting Period, the net cash flows provided by investing activities were US$53.7 million, which was primarily attributable to: (i) a decrease of US$62.6 million in term deposits with original maturity of more than three months, in relation to a cash deposit that we made into a savings account at a third-party commercial bank, (ii) US$1.9 million interest received from term deposits; (iii) offset by US$7.6 million investment in affiliate; and (iv) US$3.2 million in purchase of plant and equipment. For the Reporting Period, the net cash flows used in financing activities was US$9.4 million, which was primarily attributable to: (i) distribution of dividend of US$5.8 million; and (ii) payment of lease payments of US$3.5 million. During the Reporting Period, capital expenditures of the Group amounted to US$1.3 million, which mainly consisted of additions to the plant facility and ERP Costs. As of December 31, 2019, the Group did not have any significant capital commitments. As of December 31, 2019, the Group did not have any contingent liabilities. On January 15, 2019, Alma, a subsidiary of the Group, acquired 60% equity interests in Nova at a consideration of US$7,884,000. The acquisition was undertaken to further strengthen the Group’s distribution abilities in Israel. Save as disclosed above, during the Reporting Period, the Group did not conduct any material acquisition or disposal. 10. Significant investments held and future plans for material investments and capital Save for those disclosed in this annual report, there were no other significant investments held as at December 31, 2019. The Group did not have other plans for material investments and capital assets. The operation and development of the Group is not exposed to any material risk factors, but it will be impacted to a certain extent by several factors as illustrated below: A. The functional currency of the Group is the U.S. Dollar and most of the sales proceeds are denominated in the U.S. Dollar. However, the Company also generates revenue globally in a few other currencies, particularly Euros, and incurs costs mostly in New Israeli Shekels. Furthermore, the functional currencies of certain subsidiaries are currencies other than the U.S. Dollar, including the Euros, the Indian Rupee, the New Israeli Shekels, the HK Dollar, the South Korean Won and the Australian Dollar. As at the end of the Reporting Period, the assets and liabilities of these entities were translated into the U.S. dollar at the exchange rates prevailing at the end of the Reporting Period and their statements of profit or loss were translated into the U.S. Dollar at the weighted average exchange rates for the period. As such, the Group’s results of operations are sensitive to changes in foreign currency exchange rates. The Company has formally established a hedging management framework in 2014 and the hedging transactions are mainly managed by the Company’s finance department. By analyzing the currency balance sheet and trends in the foreign exchange markets, the Company has entered into forward contracts from time to time to mitigate the adverse effects of exchange rate fluctuations. B. It is the Group’s strategy to use debts with fixed and floating interest rates to manage its interest costs. The Group’s exposure to the risk of changes in market interest rates relates primarily to the Group’s debt obligations with floating interest rates. The following table sets forth the number of our employees by function as at December 31, 2019: Employees’ headcount in 2019 increased by 20% with 86 new employees, mainly attributed to the establishment of new direct sales offices in Israel, Australia and South Korea as well as bolstering sales and marketing operation in North America and Europe. The employees’ remuneration includes basic salary and a performance-based bonus. The performance-based bonus is determined by reference to the performance appraisal of the employees of the Group. Through clearly locating position-oriented performance targets and formulating performance standards, the Company has managed to assess employees’ performance in an objective manner. By materializing reward and penalty in the performance-related portion of the employees, the Company is able to achieve the coexistence of incentives and restraints. Total net proceeds from the Global Offering amounted to approximately HK$771.3 million. As at the end of the Reporting Period, approximately HK$273.1 million has been used in accordance with the plan disclosed in the Prospectus of the Company (as adjusted in accordance with the announcement issued by the Company on October 8, 2018). Details of the use of proceeds are set out below: Intended use of proceeds as Intended amount to be used as set out in the Amounts not utilised as at December 31, (HK$ million) Amounts utilised during the period from January 1, 2019 to December 31, (HK$ million) Actual amounts utilised up to December 31, (HK$ million) utilised as at December 31, (HK$ million) (a) expanding sales channels and distribution network Ex panding sales channels in the United States, Germany and India and distribution network (HK$86.39 million) (HK$28.54 million) (HK$28.54 million) Up grade existing or establish new service centers in (HK$32.78 million) (HK$35.90 million) Op timize and update information technology systems (HK$35.90 million) (HK$35.90 million) In crease the funding for clinical studies in the United (HK$35.90 million) (HK$35.90 million) Intended use of proceeds as Intended amount to be used as set out in the Amounts not utilised as at December 31, (HK$ million) Amounts utilised during the period from January 1, 2019 to December 31, (HK$ million) Actual amounts utilised up to December 31, (HK$ million) utilised as at December 31, (HK$ million) (d) repay the buy-out loan from Fosun Industrial Co., (HK$71.74 million) (e) strategic acquisition, enter into strategic partnerships (HK$227.53 million) (f) supplement working capital and other general (HK$77.13 million) (g) repay a loan with HSBC Bank Plc, Israel Discount Bank Ltd. and Mizrahi Tefahot Bank Ltd. approximately 5.1% (HK$39.15 million) 