Profit for the year attributable to (3.8%) Core net profit attributable to owners of the Company (excluding the listing expenses) As at As at (2.7pp) Core net profit margin attributable to owners of the Company (excluding the listing expenses) (1.1pp) Basic and diluted earnings per share (HK cents) (17.6%) Contel Technology Company Limited Annual Report 2019 The Group primarily engage in the sourcing and sale of IC products and the provisions of IC application solutions and value-added services to suit the needs of our customers. Our business is focused on fast-growing and emerging market categories, with an emphasis on providing environmentally-friendly and energy-saving solutions. After years of continuous efforts, the Group has become a well-established fabless semiconductor application solutions provider specialising in the provision, design and development of IC application solutions and sale of ICs for consumer and industrial products. The aim of the Group is to strengthen our market position within the IC application solutions industry by increasing our market share and enhancing the quality of our services. We believe that this will bring sustainable growth to our business and create long-term value in the Group for our Shareholders. The Group focuses on the consumer and industrial product sectors, we source and sell IC products. We also provide IC application solutions and value-added services to suit the needs of our customers. While our application solutions can be utilised in a wide range of electronic products, we specialise in the following five major product categories: (i) mobile devices and smart charging; (ii) motor control; (iii) radio frequency (“RF”) power; (iv) light-emitting diode (“LED”) lighting; and (v) sensors and automation. Breakdown of our revenue generated by product category for the year ended 31 December 2019 (the “Year”) and 31 December 2018 (the “Preceding Year”) is set forth below: Mobile devices and smart Breakdown of our gross profit by product category for the Year and the Preceding Year is set forth below: Mobile devices and smart Contel Technology Company Limited Annual Report 2019 The mobile devices category focuses on products utilising low power radio frequency connectivity and signal transmissions. ICs in the mobile devices category are antennae-centric products, which enable and improve the wireless functions (such as 2G/3G/4G/ LTE and wifi connectivity) of the antennae of cars, mobile phones and tablets, smart watches and other wifi-enabled devices. The Group assist customers in developing the application solutions for such ICs to match their product requirements and restrictions. Smart charging is a power management technology used in smart devices such as smart phones, computers and battery packs to provide shorter charging times for these devices. By utilising smart charging ICs, smart devices boost the level of power to be delivered and thus charge the batteries of the smart devices at faster speeds, thereby shortening the overall charging time. Smart charging ICs also gauge various attributes of the batteries, such as the levels of charge and the thermal conditions of the batteries, and reduce the level of power delivered to the batteries when they are nearly full or getting overheated. Motor control ICs are used in modern motors where the speed and torque of the moveable parts of a machine need to be controlled. These motor control applications can be applied to a wide array of devices, from household items such as fans, to heavy industrial equipment such as forklifts and robots. Motor control application solutions are mainly focused on the ICs used on variable-frequency drive (“VFDs”). VFDs are a type of motor controller that controls the speed and torque of an electric motor by varying the frequency and voltage of its power supply. By using VFDs, motors are able to save energy, control performance, reduce noise levels of the motor, and improve the lifespan of machines. Customers of the motor control category are generally manufacturers of motors. Motor control solutions of the Group include applications for the controls of ceiling and vertical fans, electronically commutated fans, air-conditioning systems, electric cars and bikes, robotic arms, pumps, washing machines, compressors, sewing machines, industrial power tools such as electric picks, and medical power tools such as drills. RF, or radio-frequency, is widely used in the transmission of signals, and has a long-distance transmission capacity. RF is widely used in the fields of wireless communication. RF power means the power supply devices which are used to generate and stabilise RF power. RF power equipment is generally composed of a RF signal source, a RF power amplifier (which is an electronic device that provides power gain) and an attenuator (a device that reduces the power of a signal without distorting its waveform), and a receiver (such as those found on the rooftops of buildings). The Group’s RF power products are used in cable television (which is a system of delivering television programming to subscribers by RF signals transmitted through cables), and broadband networks, such as fibre to the home (FTTH, where the fibre optic cable carries the RF signal to the domestic home) and fibre to the building (FTTB, where the fibre optic cable carries the RF signal to a building). Our customers in the RF power category are generally engaged in broadcasting and signal transmissions, and include operators of television and radio broadcasting. LED lighting systems utilise LEDs, or light emitting diodes, to provide energy efficient, aesthetic and long-life lighting solutions. LED lighting solutions are cost-effective and have a wide range of applications and can be used indoors, outdoors, and for special lighting effects, such as spot-lights or stage lighting. An LED lamp or bulb is typically comprised of several components, including the LED which acts as light source, the LED driver IC that regulates power to the LED, reflector cups that refract and reflect the light, and the lens that focuses the light beams. Contel Technology Company Limited Annual Report 2019 LED application design capabilities is considered to be well developed and mature. One of our main design applications for LED lighting systems was to provide dimming features for LED lamps or bulbs. Although it appears simple to design a dimmer for lighting systems, it is in fact a challenge as LEDs and traditional incandescent lamps operate very differently. If not done correctly, the dimmer will cause instability in the electrical current, which may cause flickering in the LED lamp or bulb, and affect its dimming range and performance. Our years of experience in and familiarity with this product category enable us to provide fast and comprehensive application solutions for our LED lighting customers. Sensors are used to detect changes or events in the environment. When the sensor detects a change, it provides a corresponding output to the device to meet requirements of data and signal transmission, processing, storage, display, recording and control of information. There are many kinds of sensors, which are used to measure, among other things, force, distance, temperature, sound, light, electrical currents, magnetic fields. Our application solutions for sensor ICs are coupled together with automation solutions that assist the customer’s product in automatically detecting and reacting to various circumstantial changes in the environment. The Group provides application solutions for our radar sensors to be used on (i) automobile vehicles to assist drivers with parking and provide auto-drive functions; (ii) unmanned aerial drones in maintaining stability of flight and avoiding obstacles; (iii) security systems that link with videos to detect, recognise and track moving objects; (iv) traffic monitoring systems to measure speed of moving vehicles and to monitor traffic congestion; and (v) smart lighting systems that have motion sensing. We also provide application solutions for pressure sensors to be used in smart phones and smart watches for detecting altitude. For the year ended 31 December 2019, total revenue increased by 50.8% to US$101.5 million. The growth was mainly driven by the sales increase of the Group’s solutions, in particular applications in the mobile devices & smart charging. Gross profit for the year ended 31 December 2019 increased by 22.0% year-on-year to US$11.5 million, which was mainly due to the increase in revenue resulting from sales growth in product solutions, in particular applications in the mobile devices & smart charging & sensor & automation. Gross profit margin decreased from approximately 14.0% to approximately The Group’s other income mainly included bank interest income. For the year ended 31 December 2019, other income increased by 80.9% to US$161,000. Selling and distribution expenses mainly consist of salaries and benefits for staff, transportation costs, travelling expenses, office utility expenses, business entertainment and marketing expenses and depreciation costs. During the Year, the Group’s selling and distribution expenses amounted to US$1.7 million, an increase of 11.6% or US$180,000 when compared with 2018, mainly due to postages & couriers expenses. Contel Technology Company Limited Annual Report 2019 General and administrative expenses mainly consist of administration expenses including salaries and benefits for the management, administrative and financial personnel, administrative costs and depreciation expenses relating to property, plant and equipment used for administrative purposes. During the Year, general & administrative expenses amounted to US$2.5 million, representing an increase of 31.7% year-on-year. Such increase was mainly incurred in the business expansion. During the Year, finance costs amounted to US$1.0 million, representing an increase of 18.9% when compared with 2018. The increase was mainly due to the increase in trade financing to support business growth. During the Year, income tax expense was US$1.0 million, a growth of 11.5% year-on-year which is in line with the business growth. As a result of the above factors, the Group’s profit for the Year decreased by 3.8% from US$2.6 million recorded for the year ended 31 December 2018 to US$2.5 million for the year ended 31 December 2019. Without considering one-off listing expenses, the Group’s profit for the Year increased by 25.7% when compared with last year. During the Year, the Group maintained a satisfactory liquidity position supporting business growth. As at 31 December 2019, the Group had cash and cash equivalents of US$6.3 million (31 December 2018: US$2.9 million). The Group recorded net current assets of US$27.5 million (31 December 2018: US$12.1 million). As at 31 December 2019, the gearing ratio of the Group was 41.6% (31 December 2018: 55.5%), which represents net debt divided by the total equity plus net debt. Net debt includes interest bearing bank and other borrowings, trade and bills payables, other payables and accruals, less cash and cash equivalents and pledged bank deposits. The Group's operation was mainly financed by funds generated from its operations, banking facilities and borrowings. The Group increased its bank loans mainly for securing capital for its business development. At as 31 December 2019, the Group had bank loans amounting to US$1.4 million of which US$1.1 million is due within 1 year based on agreed scheduled repayment set out in the loan agreements. The bank loans are mainly denominated in HKD. Banking facilities available but unused facilities amounted to approximately US$0.1 million (31 December 2018: US$0.2 million). The annual interest charge of the bank borrowings during the Year ranged from 3.6% to 5.0% (2018: 3.7% to 5.0%). As at 31 December 2019, the Group’s bank deposits of approximately US$1,229,000 (2018: US$300,000) was pledged to secure the bills payables. Contel Technology Company Limited Annual Report 2019 The shares of the Company was successfully listed on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange on the Listing Date by offering a total of 200,000,000 shares at the offer price of HK$0.65 per shares. After deducting the underwriting fees, commissions and expenses payable by the Company, the net proceeds from the Listing of HK$67.8 million (equivalent to approximately US$8.7 million), have been and will be utilised in the same manner, proportion and the expected timeframe as set out in the prospectus of the Company dated 29 June 2019 (the “Prospectus”) under the section headed “Future Plans and Use of Proceeds”. The table below sets out the planned applications of the net proceeds and actual usage up to 31 December 2019: Approximate percentage of Actual amount of Actual usage up to 31 December Unutilised amount as at 31 December Expected (i) Financing the revolving purchase payment for our purchases of ICs imposed under the ship-and-debit arrangement (Note) (ii) Enhancing our design and R&D capabilities through purchasing testing and R&D Remainder to be utilised by 31 March (iii) Recruiting and maintaining Remainder to be utilised by 31 March (iv) Remainder to be utilised by 31 March The Group is exposed to foreign currency risk related primarily to sales and borrowings that are denominated in a currency other than the functional currency of the operations to which they relate. The currency giving rise to this risk is primarily RMB. The Directors believe that the exposure of the foreign exchange risk of the Group is minimal, and will not have material adverse risk on the financial performance of the Group. The Group currently does not hold or issue any derivative financial instruments for trading purposes or to hedge against fluctuations in foreign exchange rates, but the management of the Group closely monitors foreign exchange exposure and will consider hedging significant foreign currency exposure when needed. Save as disclosed in note 27 of consolidated financial statements, the Group did not have any material acquisitions and disposals of subsidiaries, associates and joint ventures during the year ended 31 December As at 31 December 2019, the Group did not have any significant contingent liabilities. As at 31 December 2019, the Group had 116 employees (31 December 2018: 99 employees). The Group’s labour costs (including salaries, bonuses, pension and welfare but excluding directors’ and chief executives’ remuneration) were US$2.1 million, accounting for 2.1% of its revenue in the Year. The remunerations of the employees are commensurate with their performance, skills, knowledge, experience and the market trend. Employee benefits provided by the Group include medical insurance scheme and mandatory provident fund. The Group reviews the remuneration policies and packages on a regular basis and will make necessary adjustments that accommodate the pay levels in the industry. Apart from basic salaries, the employees may be offered with discretionary bonuses and cash awards based on individual performances. In addition, the Group has adopted a share option scheme as further described in “Report of the Directors” in this annual report. 