Business Overview for 2019 In 2019, the Group’s consolidated revenue for the year ended 31 December 2019 has reached its record high to RMB1,955.5 million (2018: RMB1,639.3 million), representing a year-on-year increase of 19.3%, mainly attributable to the growth in the operations of Kanghua Hospital and Renkang Hospital, which are our owned-hospitals, delivering solid growth in revenue of 16.9% and 6.2%, respectively. The business sentiment and overall economic environment in the Dongguan region remained stable with steady growth in 2019. We continued to step up our efforts in recruitment of experienced medical experts and improvement of our medical capabilities and attracted a record high number of inpatients and outpatients visits in 2019. However, the Group’s consolidated profit for the year ended 31 December 2019 has decreased substantially by 69.8% to RMB48.7 million (2018: RMB161.3 million). The decrease in profit is mainly attributable to: (i) the loss incurred in relation to our specialty hospital in Chongqing, the PRC, namely, Kangxin Hospital which was acquired by the Group in August 2018. Kangxin Hospital commenced operation in March 2017 and 2019 was its third year of operation. Despite its growth in revenue of 57.0% to RMB54.8 million for the year ended 31 December 2019 (revenue of Kangxin Hospital for the year ended 31 December 2018 was RMB34.9 million), however, the hospital faced multiple challenges including huge burden on healthcare professional headcounts, overhead expenditure and fixed costs. The hospital is still at the stage of developing and promoting its brand and reputation in Chongqing and has continued to incur significant losses during its initial stage of ramping up its operation; and (ii) the Group has recognised an impairment loss on goodwill in respect of the cash generating unit of Kangxin Hospital (“Kangxin Hospital CGU”) arising from its acquisition in 2018. The Board considers that the estimated medium-term future growth of Kangxin Hospital was lower than previously anticipated, accordingly, the aggregate recoverable amount of the Kangxin Hospital CGU is below its aggregate carrying amount, which results in the recognition of an impairment loss of RMB60.0 million during the year ended 31 December 2019. The Group’s Adjusted EBITDA (Adjusted EBITDA is earnings before accounting for bank and other interest income, finance costs, taxes, depreciation and amortisation, fair value gain and investment income from financial assets at FVTPL, exchange gain/loss and impairment loss on goodwill) has recorded a year-on-year increase of 12.8% to RMB289.2 million (2018: RMB256.3 million), based on which the Board believes that the Group’s core operations have remained strong after eliminating the effects of financing, investment-related income, effects of exchange rates, capital expenditures and extraordinary non- cash related losses. The Group’s owned hospitals, namely, Kanghua Hospital, Renkang Hospital and Kangxin Hospital, have delivered promising operating results, in particular (i) the total number of inpatient visits reached 75,568 (2018: 66,388), representing a year-on-year increase of 13.8% ; (ii) the overall average spending per inpatient visit amounted to RMB15,031.1 (2018: RMB13,855.1), representing a year-on- year increase of 8.5%; (iii) the overall bed utilisation rate increased slightly to 85.6% (2018: 85.1%), primarily caused by the improved utilisation at Kangxin Hospital during the year; (iv) the average length of stay slightly decreased to 7.3 days (2018: 8.0 days); (v) the total number of outpatient visits reached 1,753,320 (2018: 1,650,592), representing a year-on-year increase of 6.2%; (vi) the overall average spending per outpatient visit amounted to RMB347.8 (2018: RMB334.7), representing a year-on-year increase of 3.9%; and (vii) the total number of surgical operations reached 46,056 (2018: 41,045), representing a year-on-year increase of 12.2%. The table below sets forth certain key operation data of the Group’s owned hospitals of the hospital services segment for the years indicated: Average length of stay (days) Average spending per visit (RMB) Average spending per visit (RMB) Average spending per visit (RMB) In 2019, Kanghua Hospital, on one hand, continues to provide high standard of healthcare services with a core focus on medical quality and safety, and on the other hand, builds up and improves the diagnosis and treatment capability in serious and severe illnesses of its departments in various disciplines, enhances the hospital’s specialist development and further deepens cross-disciplinary cooperation, in order to enhance the competitiveness and promote the development of Kanghua Hospital: In respect of hospital management, through improvement of the system, talent acquisition and training, and optimisation of the medical insurance management, the medical quality and service management system of Kanghua Hospital can be further enhanced, leading to an increase in competitiveness. (i) With the “Action Plan for Further Improving Medical Services” issued by the National Health Commission as the foundation, Kanghua Hospital completed 18 core amendments to the medical system. (ii) Kanghua Hospital introduced experts in hospital management to further enhance the medical quality and safety standard, for example, with the introduction of the PDCA (Plan-Do-Check-Act) management protocol used on medical records and statistics, among all healthcare companies in Guangdong Province and Dongguan, Kanghua Hospital ranked first for consecutive months in 2019 in terms of admission quality. (iii) To cope with the severe situation of medical insurance work in 2019, Kanghua Hospital designed the “365” medical insurance upgrade plan, by adjusting and perfecting the 3-level organisational structure, announcing six medical insurance management systems and formulating five continuous improvement policies. With the abovementioned actions, the medical insurance for outpatient visit and inpatient visit in 2019 has improved in terms of expenses control, leading to a decreasing trend in the overall average spending per outpatient visit and inpatient visit. In relation to hospital services, (i) at the request of the government, Kanghua Hospital planned the “Household Kanghua Angel” project under the “Internet + Medical Health” initiative, and implemented it in September 2019. Kanghua Hospital is the first hospital in Dongguan to develop and operate an online nurse appointment platform. (ii) Kanghua hospital introduced online functions such as the “Yingyitong” machine and payment by scanning QR code and enhanced the consultation experience. In 2019, with a focus on the diagnosis and treatment of serious and severe illnesses, the number of CD-type cases (complicated conditions requiring urgent treatment) and surgeries with level 3 or level 4 complexities increased. In respect of the development of various disciplines, the Endoscopy Centre for Ear, Nose, Throat, Head and Neck is established, with the CCU ward and Chinese Medicine ward upgraded and the construction of ICU Zone 2 activated. Hematology and plastic & reconstructive surgery of Kanghua Hospital are the 2019 “Key Clinical Specialty of Dongguan” and “High- Standard Clinical Specialty of Guangdong Province” respectively. Also, Kanghua Hospital passed the certification of “Respiratory and Critical Medicine” under the Chinese Medical Doctor Association, and passed the re-certification and maintained the qualifications of a National Chest Pain Centre. Its clinical laboratory passed the ISO15189 certification for the third time and its Reproductive Medicine Centre also passed the certification. Furthermore, Kanghua Hospital passed the certification and became qualified as a Comprehensive Stroke Center under Chinese Stroke Association. Its Atrial Fibrillation Centre is also upgraded from a constructed unit to a recognised unit. In 2019, Kanghua Hospital’s brand and reputation were further enhanced, as exemplified by multiple awards bestowed upon it, including its ranking as the third place nationwide among the “Top 100 Private Hospitals of 2019” in the PRC for two consecutive years, the “Top 30 Listed Healthcare Services Companies in the PRC”, the “Top 80 Hospitals in the Guangdong-Hong Kong-Macau Greater Bay Area”, the “Top 100 Most Competitive Non-Governmental Hospital Group”, the “Top 100 Most Competitive Non-Governmental Hospital” and the “2018 Best Employer of Healthcare Companies in the PRC”. In 2019, Renkang Hospital continued to optimise its operation management system as well as strengthen its management of medical technology and control of medical quality, treatment schemes and medical insurance expenses. This has contributed to the steady growth of the number of patients and revenue and the effective reduction of its operating costs. With the self-sufficient resources of Renkang Hospital, together with adjustment and streamlining of personnel, and structure optimisation, it is well positioned to take advantage of the respective strengths of various personnel, promote effective cooperation and enhance working efficiency for the continuous growth development of Renkang Hospital. Renkang Hospital actively promoted advanced technology such as ultra-thin veneers, haemodialysis, blood perfusion and beeswax thermal therapy, expanded new businesses such as ozone autohemotherapy and gentle birth, and developed special projects. It shows encouraging results in various disciplines including in particular the disciplines of obstetrics & gynaecology, gerontology, stomatology, nursing home, blood perfusion room, anaesthesiology, clinical laboratory, chinese medicine and health examination. We recruited and introduced talents in various disciplines, with more than 130 employees hired in Renkang Hospital in the year. We also focused on internal training and emphasised the importance of continuing education and encouraged our personnel to learn on the job and improve themselves, together with a more visible and structured promotion path. Furthermore, Renkang Hospital continues to promote the development of special and exceptional specialities, including the disciplines of gynecology and obstetrics, paediatrics, stomatology, health examination, geriatrics and traditional Chinese medicine. Indeed, through the induction of talented individuals, investing in equipment, expanding inpatient wards and strengthening marketing efforts, the comprehensive strength and influence of these specialities are constantly enhanced. In 2019, Renkang Hospital became a member of the Southern Geriatric Disease Prevention and Control Alliance, the Dongguan Geriatric Medical Specialist Alliance and the Guangdong Province’s Commission on Occupational Health. In 2019, the Kangxin Hospital entered its third year of operation. With the rapid development of the hospital, it attracted cardiovascular specialists to join and well-known domestic experts to offer diagnosis at the hospital. Furthermore, the disciplines of Radiology and Clinical Laboratory obtained a number of patents and certifications and carried out a series of academic study. As a result, the number of patients in the 2019 increased substantially, with over 16,400 outpatient visits, an increase of 64.1% compared to full year 2018, and around 1,800 inpatient visits, an increase of 56.3% compared to full year 2018. However, Kangxin Hospital faces several challenges, such as short operating history, new personnel composition, incomplete structure and general market downturn. In terms of surgeries, during the year 2019, Kangxin Hospital performed 145 cardiovascular surgeries, representing a year-on-year increase of 31.8%, and 580 cardiology surgeries, representing a year-on-year increase of For medical technology, under the continuing cooperation with Heart Federation, Kangxin Hospital actively developed 17 new technologies and projects including heart surgeries with minimal invasion, coronary bypass surgery (without stopping the heart), left atrial appendage closure, 3-dimensional radiofrequency ablation and stress echocardiogram. Currently Kangxin Hospital is the only non-government hospital in Chongqing with notable operations in both cardiology and cardiovascular surgery. It ranks fifth and second in Chongqing in terms of the number of cardiovascular surgeries and cardiology surgeries, respectively. Also, its diagnosis and treatment capability on serious and severe patients are clearly enhanced. Among 142 accident and emergency patients attended by ambulance, four patients with cardiac arrests were rescued, with 39 patients were diagnosed with chest pain followed with PCI surgeries, representing a year-on-year increase of 162.9%. In respect of hospital infrastructure, (i) Kangxin Hospital is one of the few non-government hospitals in Chongqing with HIV (Human Immunodeficiency Virus) primary screening laboratory, with its clinical laboratory passing the test for HIV primary screening laboratory under Chongqing Health Commission at first attempt. (ii) In order to accommodate demand in the market, without deploying additional workforce, Kangxin Hospital established the hypertension health centre, and devised the first protocol in Chongqing for hypertension treatment with support and instructions from Shanghai Rujin Hospital. (iii) The organisational structure of Kangxin Hospital has further improved, with a change in registration regime of medical practitioners in June 2019, together with additional disciplines such as cardiac rehabilitation, pediatric cardiology and comprehensive internal medicine outpatient service. (iv) Phase II of the construction project is proceeding according to plan, with the launch of the main building in April 2019, and relocation of supporting facilities such as bus stations completed. In relation to brand and reputation, Kangxin Hospital was bestowed as the “High-Standard Chongqing Non-Government Hospital with Contribution and Development” in the “Top 70 Brands with Contribution” event organised by the Chongqing Health Commission. The Group believes that the Kangxin Hospital will continue to strengthen its influence and reputation in the field of cardiovascular specialty in Southwest China and deliver stable returns in the foreseeable future. The table below sets forth the revenue contribution by healthcare disciplines of our hospital services segment for the years indicated: % of revenue of the Group’s owned % of revenue of the Group’s owned O&G related disciplines Cardiovascular related disciplines Emergency medicine related disciplines Oncology related disciplines Nephrology related disciplines Physical examination Other disciplines Note: The Group’s healthcare disciplines can generally be classified into clinical disciplines and medical technology disciplines. Medical technology disciplines provide diagnostic and treatment support according to the requirements of clinical disciplines from time to time. Revenue derived from services delivered through medical technology disciplines is generally recognised in the relevant clinical disciplines that utilised such services. In 2019, the Group performed a total of 46,056 surgeries (2018: 41,045), included in which 17,457 surgeries (2018: 14,758) were of level 3 or level 4 complexities, representing a year-on-year increase of 12.2% and 18.3%, respectively. Obstetrics and gynaecology (“O&G”) disciplines, internal medicine disciplines, cardiovascular disciplines, general surgery disciplines and neurology disciplines (2018: O&G disciplines, internal medicine disciplines, cardiovascular disciplines, general surgery disciplines and orthopaedics disciplines) were the top five revenue generating disciplines of the Group for the year of 2019, accounting for approximately 57.0% of the Group’s total revenue in hospital services in the same period (2018: 58.5%). During the year ended 31 December 2019, revenue across all disciplines of our owned hospitals recorded considerable growth, primarily driven by local demands of our service offerings. In particular, (a) our O&G related disciplines continued to be our top and stable revenue driver, accounting for 16.9% (2018:19.1%) of the total revenue from our hospital service segment, and have recorded a year-on-year revenue increase of 4.2%, primarily attributable to the expansion of our O&G related workforce and medical facilities, and growth in local demand and penetration of reputation in the discipline especially at our O&G VIP centres; (b) revenue from cardiovascular related disciplines recorded a strong year-on-year increase of 31.4%, primarily attributable to the Group’s continuous growth in industry reputation within Guangdong Province and the consolidation of revenue from Kangxin Hospital since its acquisition in August 2018; (c) revenue from oncology related disciplines recorded a significant year-on- year increase of 42.8% primarily attributable to the recruitment of new oncology professionals in 2017, which has continued to attract patients to Kanghua Hospital ever since; and (e) revenue from emergency medicine related disciplines recorded a year-on-year increase of 33.0%, mainly attributable to the upgrade and expansion of our emergence wards and ICU wards at Kanghua Hospital. The Group will continue to recruit medical experts and talents, accelerate the installation and implementation of new medical equipment and promote the comprehensive development of all of our disciplines, as well as increase the capability to receive and treat critical tumor patients. In 2019, the Group’s main revenue driving strategies of our hospital services segment are: (i) Cardiovascular disciplines: The Group is cooperating with Provincial People’s Hospital in all aspects, attracting well-known experts, improving the level of interventional treatment of complex CTO pathological changes in the Cardiac Centre and further expanding the influence of specialty practices; (ii) Neurology disciplines: The Group is establishing the Neuroscience NCU, expanding wards, developing further facilities in the Stroke Centre and cooperating with lower-level hospitals; (iii) Oncology disciplines: The Group is using new radiotherapy equipment to consolidate and improve its advantages in the treatment of and technology used for nasopharyngeal cancer, breast cancer and cervical cancer, compared to others in the industry. The Group is further cooperating with (iv) Emergency medicine related disciplines: The Group is establishing emergency wards, KICU wards, and Trauma Treatment Centres. The Group is also excelling in the treatment of trauma patients, strengthening the development of ECMO technology, conducting emergency applications of ECMO technology and building a training base for cardiopulmonary cerebral resuscitation. Moreover, the Group is establishing additional ICU wards and increasing the number of beds in its hospitals. The Group is additionally developing treatment for certain diseases (severe pancreatitis and sepsis) and expanding its superior projects (CRRT and ECMO technologies). The Group’s special services are high-end healthcare services that extend beyond basic medical services and are specifically catered for the more affluent patients who are willing to pay a premium for higher quality and customised healthcare services not generally available in public hospitals. The Group’s special services consist of VIP healthcare services, reproductive medicine, plastic and aesthetic surgery and laser treatment. In 2019, the total revenue derived from special services amounted to RMB181.5 million (2018: RMB161.7 million), representing a year-on-year increase of 12.2%. In 2019, our revenue from VIP healthcare services including our VIP inpatient and VIP outpatient services recorded a year-on-year increase of 31.8%, primarily attributable to our more premium service offerings from Huaxin Building (a complex in Kanghua Hospital dedicated to VIP healthcare services), and wider recognition of our comprehensive O&G services dedicated to VIP patients. Our revenue from VIP inpatient services recorded RMB72.4 million (2018: RMB51.0 million), representing a year-on-year increase of 41.9%, primarily driven by the increase in average spending as our O&G service offerings at our VIP inpatient centre continues to gain reputation and market demand. Furthermore, our revenue from VIP outpatient service amounted to RMB37.6 million (2018: RMB32.6 million), representing a year-on-year increase of 15.3%. (i) (ii) (iii) (iv) However, our revenue from reproductive medicine has dropped to RMB52.7 million (2018: RMB63.9 million) with a year-on-year decrease of 17.5%. The drop of reproductive medicine was mainly due to the retirement of a reproductive medicine specialist at Kanghua Hospital in later 2018, and also, the gradually stabilising demand due to the two-child policy in the Guangdong Province since its launch in year 2016. The table below sets forth some key operating data and revenue for the Group’s special services: Revenue (RMB’000) Revenue (RMB’000) Revenue (RMB’000) Revenue (RMB’000) Total revenue from special services The Group’s rehabilitation and other healthcare services segment, through its ownership of 57% equity interest in Anhui Hualin, has recorded a revenue of RMB87.1 million (for the period from its acquisition on 1 April 2018 to 31 December 2018: RMB49.7 million) for the year ended 31 December 2019. Anhui Hualin directly and indirectly (through its wholly-owned subsidiary) holds sponsor interests in certain private non-enterprise entities in Anhui Province, the PRC. It mainly operates two rehabilitation hospitals, one general hospital, ten rehabilitation centres and one vocational training school (collectively referred to as “Anhui Hualin Group”). The Anhui Hualin Group has generated significant synergistic value to the Group and expanded our presence in the rehabilitation healthcare sector in the PRC. Anhui Hualin Group currently employs more than 700 staff and has a stable cooperation with the Anhui Disabled Persons Federation and local governments in the provision of training services for the disabled. The Anhui Hualin Group is also a major organisation offering children rehabilitation services in Auhui Province, the PRC. Since its acquisition, Anhui Hualin Group has developed steadily, with its network of medical institutions and rehabilitation centres constantly expanding. In 2019, after participating in the government’s public bidding, Anhui Hualin Group successfully won the bids of two rehabilitation centre projects: the Changfeng County Beicheng Rehabilitation Centre and the Feixi County Kanghua Children’s Rehabilitation Centre. One of the major hospitals of the Anhui Hualin Group is the Hefei Kanghua Rehabilitation Hospital, a rehabilitation specialty hospital aiming to become a class III rehabilitation hospital in the long term. The hospital is equipped with advanced rehabilitation medical equipment and professional medical teams to provide patients with a wide range of high-end, convenient rehabilitation treatment programmes. Hefei Kanghua Rehabilitation Hospital demonstrates the Group’s commitment to further its rehabilitation medical offerings and capability. The Board envisages that the Anhui Hualin Group will operate as an integrated rehabilitation service platform combining medical rehabilitation, vocational rehabilitation, educational rehabilitation and social rehabilitation centred around a class III rehabilitation specialty hospital. In 2019, Hefei Kanghua Rehabilitation Hospital also entered into the formal operation stage from the trial operation stage. By creating a customisable management method, actively exploring and maintaining referral channels, as well as constructing rehabilitation specialties, the Group’s brand image has been successfully established in the local area. In 2019, the hospital also signed out-patient and in-patient medical insurance agreements with Hefei Medical Insurance Centre, thus obtaining the qualifications of a locally designated medical insurance institution. In addition, the Group’s chain rehabilitation centres actively increased its business volume with the help of resources, venues, scale, experience and other advantages, enhancing the overall brand influence in Anhui Province’s rehabilitation market. Hefei Kanghua Rehabilitation Hospital established orthopaedics discipline in April 2019. In May 2019, it established nerve and spinal cord injury rehabilitation (renamed as intensive care rehabilitation in October 2019) and bones and joints rehabilitation (renamed as integrative medicine rehabilitation in November 2019) disciplines. In December 2019, with an addition of modern rehabilitation treatment, Kangfuya Sub-specialty Hospital was established with specialised disciplines such as orthopaedics, intensive care rehabilitation, integrative medicine rehabilitation, modern rehabilitation treatment and children rehabilitation. With burn rehabilitation as the primarily development direction, Hefei Jingu Rehabilitation Hospital commenced the operation of hyperbaric oxygen therapy and Chinese medicine (pain management) in April and May 2019, respectively. As at 31 December 2019, the hospitals and centres operated by Anhui Hualin Group had a total of 200 registered beds. In 2019, Anhui Hualin Group had 45,646 outpatient visits (from 1 April 2018 to 31 December 2018: 36,451), 4,561 inpatient visits (from 1 April 2018 to 31 December 2018: 1,295) and served 1,973 (from 1 April 2018 to 31 December 2018: 1,541) rehabilitation patients. In the future, Anhui Hualin Group will continue to attract talents through various channels and training, constantly enhance its medical software and hardware configuration, comprehensively improve the level of its medical services, further increase its business revenue, and continue to make beneficial contributions to the Group. In August 2018, the Group completed the acquisition of 60% equity interest of Kangxin Hospital and had become a non-wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company. The Board considers that full integration and consolidation of Kangxin Hospital into the Group’s operations will enable the Group to benefit from the operating prospects of Kangxin Hospital to a greater extent in the long term. Since the acquisition of Kangxin Hospital, throughout year 2019 and up to the date of this report, the Group has no other management arrangement with third party hospitals and the Company will continue to search for appropriate opportunities to undertake hospital management operations to the extent commercially desirable to the Group. The Group’s sale of pharmaceutical products segment includes a pharmaceuticals and medical consumables trading company established for the purpose of streamlining pharmaceuticals and medical consumables sales directly to the patients at the Group’s hospitals and walk-in customers who may not be patients of the Group’s hospitals. The operation of this pharmacy company has in general lowered our overall cost of revenue through centralizing purchase function and thereby increasing the overall margin of the Group. Revenue from sales of pharmaceutical products for the year ended 31 December 2019 amounted to RMB18.6 million (2018: RMB16.0 million), representing a year-on- year increase of 15.8%. Entering 2019, the One Belt One Road Initiative had been promoted in all aspects and the strategy of Healthy China 2030 had been fully implemented. The demand for an international healthcare market had also increased, and the upgrade of domestic healthcare consumption had accelerated. In 2019, new policies in the field of medicine and healthcare were frequently instituted in China and the pace of medical reform was further accelerated. Among these policies, those which are important for the direction of the medical services industry include: Promoting social capital to run medical services: policies are encouraging and supporting social capital to provide medical services, including simplifying the process of assessment and obtaining approval, promoting the division of labor between public medical institutions and social medical service providers, improving medical insurance support policies and improving the consolidated regulatory system. Implementing DRG payment: policies are promoting the change of medical insurance payment methods from “payment by project” to “payment by disease”. That is, setting a fixed reimbursement standard for each disease and reimbursing the expenses to medical institutions by medical insurance institutions in accordance with a unified standard. This new method of payment will effectively solve the problem of excessive drug prescription in hospitals, unreasonable inspections and treatment plans and improve the quality of medical services. Supporting the heritage and innovation of Traditional Chinese Medicine (“TCM”): policies are strengthening the training of talents in TCM, including through promoting the combination of college education and doctor- accepted education and improving the evaluation system of professional titles of TCM doctors. Simultaneously, the state will be supporting the construction of scientific research and innovation arrangements such as TCM laboratories, as well as increasing pilot clinical collaborations between TCM and Western medicine for major and difficult diseases. Encouraging the construction of elderly care services system with the combination of medical care and nursing care: policies are strengthening market mechanisms, improving the training of nursing professionals for the elderly and encouraging social forces to participate in the elderly care services market. This will continuously improve the elderly care services system which is predicated on home care and relies on the social community, effectively meeting the diversified and multi-level needs of medical care and elderly services of the elderly. Continuing to promote the construction of medical association: policies are further integrating and medical resources are being shared within the regions. Additionally, policies are accelerating the establishment of a graded diagnosis and treatment model that consists of a first diagnosis in primary hospitals, a two-way referral system between higher and lower hospitals and the division of treatment for acute and chronic diseases. In 2019, by closely following the trend of medical reform policies, the Group actively promoted the establishment of the medical association and deepened the layout strategy of its medical network through constantly consolidating the quality of its own medical services. In the future, the Group believes that under the relevant support policies, the Group will further optimise its medical management system, focus on the development of key and characteristic specialties, develop a comprehensive layout in the One Health industry and expand its industry influence. The Impact of COVID-19 In the beginning of 2020, an unexpected and unprecedented pandemic caused by the novel coronavirus (“COVID-19”) has affected a wide range of industries and sectors in the PRC and elsewhere, leading to a possible slowdown in global economy. In response to the threats of COVID-19, the Group, as a hospital operator, has put in place numerous precautionary measures to ensure the health and safety of our employees and the stable operations of our hospitals for the provision of responsive service to our patients. At present, the Group continuously monitors the latest developments and actively coordinates actively with local healthcare authorities and organisations, as well as our stakeholders, to refine our policies, measures and best practices, including minimizing cross and secondary infections by implementing work shifts and flexible working arrangements, sourcing sufficient safety materials and protective gears for our front-line healthcare workers and administrative staff, and controlling patient movements and restricting non-patient visits to our hospital premises. As far as the Group’s businesses are concerned, while the Group’s hospitals as a whole generally remain operational as usual, the COVID-19 pandemic has resulted in a certain degree of operational disturbance, including temporary closures of our rehabilitation centres and rescheduling of some of our non-emergency services and surgeries. The COVID-19 pandemic is rapidly developing, and it remains to be seen whether it will result in material and long-term disruptions to the Group’s operations. The Group will closely monitor the COVID-19 pandemic and make announcements as appropriate should any material adverse development materialise. The major epidemics in the past ten years (including SARS) have been catalysts for reforms in the healthcare system and industry. With the continuous support of the PRC government to the healthcare system and industry in recent years, favourable policies may inspire progressive changes in the healthcare system and industry in response to the impact of COVID-19 impact, such as accelerated development and application of internet medical services, integration of the Chinese and Western Medicine, and promotion in vaccinations and medical insurances. The Group intends to position itself to capture such opportunities, while maintaining fast-paced expansion and delivery of high quality services. Save as disclosed in this report, the Group did not have other plans for material investments or capital assets as of the date of this report. The Group generates revenue primarily from: (i) hospital services – providing healthcare services through its owned hospitals, namely Kanghua Hospital, Renkang Hospital and Kangxin Hospital (since August 2018), comprising inpatient healthcare services, outpatient healthcare services and physical examination services; (ii) rehabilitation and other healthcare services – providing rehabilitation services to patients with physical or mental disabilities and other healthcare related services including elderly care and training service for the disabled; (iii) providing hospital management services; (iv) sale of pharmaceutical products and medical consumables to patients of the Group’s hospitals and walk-in customers who may not be patients of the Group’s hospitals; and (v) others. The following tables below set forth the revenue, cost of revenue, gross profit and gross profit margin of the Group by segment for the years indicated: For the year ended 31 December 2019 Hospital Rehabilitation and other healthcare Sale of pharmaceutical (Note) For the year ended 31 December 2018 Hospital Rehabilitation and other healthcare Hospital management Sale of pharmaceutical (Note) Note: The operation of rehabilitation and other healthcare services was acquired in April Revenue from the Group’s hospital services amounted to RMB1,848.2 million (2018: RMB1,571.1 million), representing a year-on-year increase of 17.6% and accounting for 94.5% (2018: 95.8%) of the total revenue of the Group. Included in revenue from hospital services comprised (i) revenue from inpatient healthcare services amounting to RMB1,135.9 million (2018: RMB919.8 million) representing a year-on-year increase of 23.5%, accounting for 58.1% (2018: 56.1%) of the total revenue of the Group; (ii) revenue from outpatient healthcare services amounting to RMB609.7 million (2018: RMB552.5 million), representing a year- on-year increase of 10.4%, accounting for 31.2% (2018: 33.7%) of the total revenue of the Group; and (iii) revenue from physical examination services amounting to RMB102.6 million (2018: RMB98.8 million), representing a year-on-year increase of 3.8%, accounting for 5.2% (2018: 6.0%) of the total revenue of the Group. The increase in revenue from hospital services is mainly due to (i) increase in the number of inpatient, outpatient and physical examination visits as well as overall average spending during the year, (ii) consolidation of revenue from Kangxin Hospital (acquired since August 2018); and (iii) the growth in revenue across all our major disciplines and VIP special services during the year. During the year 2019, the revenue from our VIP special services accounts for approximately 9.3% of the Group’s total revenue (2018: 9.9%) and 9.8% of the Group’s revenue from our hospital services segment (2018: 10.3%). The solid growth in revenue from our hospital services has demonstrated that the demand of our service continues to remain strong and the reputation of the Kanghua brand has further strengthened especially in the Guangdong region. Revenue from rehabilitation and other healthcare services amounted to RMB87.1 million (for the period from 1 April 2018 to 31 December 2018: RMB49.7 million) representing a year-on-year increase of 75.4%, accounting for 4.5% (2018: 3.0%) of the total revenue of the Group. In April 2018, the Group acquired Anhui Hualin which is principally engaged in provision of rehabilitation services to patients with physical or mental disabilities and other healthcare related services including care services for elderly and training service for the disabled. The increase in revenue is mainly attributable to the establishment of Hefei Kanghua Rehabilitation Hospital in November 2018 (a rehabilitation specialty hospital aiming to be rated as a class III rehabilitation hospital) and the opening and transformation of other rehabilitation hospitals and centres within Anhui Hualin Group, which has attracted a considerable number of patients in the Anhui region. In 2019, the Group did not have any revenue from the hospital management services segment (2018: RMB2.3 million). Our hospital management agreement with Kangxin Hospital ceased when the Group acquired the controlling interest in Kangxin Hospital in August 2018. During the year 2019 and up to the date of this report, the Group has no other management arrangement with third party hospitals and the Company will continue to search for appropriate opportunities to undertake hospital management operations to the extent commercially desirable to the Group. Revenue from the sale of pharmaceutical products and medical consumables amounted to RMB18.6 million (2018: RMB16.0 million) representing a year-on- year increase of 15.8%, accounting for 0.9% (2018: 1.0%) of the total revenue of the Group. The pharmaceuticals and medical consumables trading operation was set up for the purpose of streamlining pharmaceuticals and medical consumables sales directly to the patients at the Group’s hospitals and walk-in customers who may not be patients of the Group’s hospitals. The increase in revenue from the sale of pharmaceutical products and medical consumables is primarily due to the increase in the number of outpatient visits in both Kanghua Hospital and Renkang Hospital which drove pharmaceutical and medical consumable sales within both hospitals. Cost of revenue of the Group’s hospital services (consisting of inpatient healthcare services, outpatient healthcare services and physical examination services) primarily consisted of pharmaceuticals, medical consumables, staff cost, depreciation, service expenses, utilities expenses, rental expenses and other costs. Cost of revenue of the Group’s hospital services increased to RMB1,483.5 million (2018: RMB1,232.1 million), representing a year-on-year increase of 20.4%. The greater extent of increase in cost of revenue for hospital services was primarily due to (i) the continual pressure in the rise of medical staff costs and other staff benefits due to shortage in medical professionals in the Guangdong Province; and (ii) full consolidation of the cost incurred at Kangxin Hospital which has caused the increase in cost of revenue more rapidly than revenue as it is still at an infancy stage of ramping up it operation and thus, it is operating at negative gross margin. Cost of revenue of the Group’s rehabilitation and other healthcare services amounted to RMB67.6 million (2018: RMB33.7 million) representing a year- on-year increase of 100.6%, and primarily consisted of staff costs, medical consumables, depreciation, utilities and rental expenses. The significant increase in cost of revenue of our rehabilitation and other healthcare services segment is mainly attributable to the rise in operating cost relating to the new Hefei Kanghua Rehabilitation Hospital which was established in November 2018 and fully operational in the year 2019. During the year, the Group did not have any cost of revenue from our hospital management services segment (2018: RMB1.7 million). Our hospital management agreement with Kangxin Hospital ceased when the Group acquired the controlling interest in Kangxin Hospital in August 2018. Cost of revenue of the Group’s sale of pharmaceutical products amounted to RMB14.4 million (2018: RMB12.7 million) representing a year-on-year increase of 13.7%, mainly representing cost of inventory and purchase of pharmaceutical products, which was in line with the increase in revenue. For the year ended 31 December 2019, pharmaceuticals, medical consumables and staff cost accounted for approximately 30.8% (2018: 31.1%), 27.9% (2018: 27.8%) and 30.1% (2018: 29.8%), respectively, of the total cost of revenue of the Group. Our total staff related costs including salary, bonus and other benefits had increased by 23.6% as compared with the prior year, mainly attributable to (i) an increase in general salary level and bonus as well as other staff benefits with a view to retaining and attracting quality healthcare professionals in the healthcare industry that remains highly competitive; and (ii) the impact on full consolidation of the Anhui Hualin Group and Kangxin Hospital during the current year. Total gross profit of the Group amounted to RMB389.4 million (2018: RMB358.9 million), representing a year-on-year increase of 8.5%. The overall gross profit margin decreased to 19.9% (2018: 21.9%), primarily due to: (i) our significant growth in cardiovascular related disciplines, neurology related disciplines, emergence medicine related disciplines and oncology related disciplines during the current year. These medical disciplines usually require treatments typically involving more delicate, precise and advanced surgeries and diagnostics support and command a higher margin than basic medical services; (ii) the growth in our VIP centres that are targeted towards high-end patients and typically command higher margin than basic healthcare services (our VIP inpatient and outpatient services related revenue recorded a year-on- year growth of 41.9% and 15.2%, respectively); (iii) the overall increase in the average spending of our patients and the ability to increase healthcare consultation prices. In 2019, the Group has year-on-year growth of 8.5%, 3.9% and 15.0% in the average spending from inpatient, outpatient and physical examination healthcare services, respectively, from our owned hospital operations; (iv) however, the above impact has been considerably offset by (a) the full consolidation of results of Kangxin Hospital which recorded a negative gross profit margin due to its infancy stage of ramping up its operation that incurs a large amount of fixed medical staff costs, overhead expenditure and other direct fixed costs; and (b) an increase in overall direct staff related costs of 23.6% and an increase in overall depreciation and amortisation expenses of 64.5% mainly caused by the impact of purchase of various new medical equipment and new leasehold improvement incurred in Kanghua Hospital, as well as the impact of application of new accounting standard (IFRS 16) relating to leases. The increase in staff related costs includes general increase in overall salary level, and more competitive compensation packages offered to our healthcare professionals. (i) (ii) (iii) (iv) The following table sets forth certain key operational information of each of the hospitals owned by the Group for the years indicated: Inpatient visits: Average spending per visit (RMB) Outpatient visits: Average spending per visit (RMB) Physical examination visits: Average spending per visit (RMB) The other income of the Group primarily consisted of bank and other interest income, fair value gain on and investment income from financial assets at FVTPL, government subsidies, rental income, clinical trial and related income and others. In 2019, other income amounted to RMB38.3 million (2018: RMB46.8 million), representing a year-on-year decrease of approximately 18.1%, primarily due to (i) an increase in fair value gain on financial assets at FVTPL of 35.0% to RMB8.7 million (2018: RMB6.4 million), which represents fair value gain from our portfolio investment fund; (ii) a decrease in investment income from financial assets at FVTPL of 20.9% to RMB14.5 million (2018: RMB18.4 million), which represents investment income from our principal-protected structured deposits with banks in the PRC; (iii) an increase in rental income to RMB6.2 million (2018: RMB4.7 million), which mainly represents rental income from our staff quarter; (iv) a decrease in government subsidies and clinical trial and related income; and (v) a decrease in bank and other interest income to RMB2.8 million (2018: RMB7.2 million) mainly as a result of decrease in average bank balances. As part of the Group’s cash management to maximise return on idle cash, the Group invested in certain principal-protected structured deposit products issued by a PRC commercial bank, unlisted fund and portfolio investment fund (all classified as financial assets at FVTPL) to achieve higher interest income and capital gain return (which is recognised as “other income” above) without interfering with business operations or capital expenditures to earn better return on our excess cash balance, which consistent with our cash management policy. The other expenses, gains and losses of the Group primarily consisted of allowances on credit loss, loss on disposal of property, plant and equipment, donations and net exchange gain/loss. In 2019, other expenses, gains and losses amounted to a net loss of RMB0.7 million (2018: net gain of RMB2.2 million), primarily due to (i) a decrease in allowances on credit loss to RMB0.6 million (2018: RMB3.5 million), mainly due to an overall improvement on credit quality of our accounts and other receivables; (ii) donations made during the year of RMB2.0 million (2018: nil); and (iii) a recorded net exchange gain of RMB2.2 million (2018: net exchange gain of RMB5.9 million) mainly arising from our Hong Kong dollar denominated financial assets. During the year ended 31 December 2018, the Group has recognised (i) goodwill of RMB56.6 million arising from the acquisition of Anhui Hualin Group, which has been allocated to the cash generating unit (CGU) of rehabilitation and other healthcare services business; and (ii) goodwill of RMB125.4 million arising from the acquisition of Kangxin Hospital, which has been allocated to the CGU of hospital services business (the “Kangxin Hospital CGU”). As at 31 December 2019, the Board conducted a review of the carrying values of the aforementioned CGUs. The recoverable amount of the CGU of rehabilitation and other healthcare services business has been determined based on a value in use calculation. The calculation uses cash flow projections based on financial budgets approved by the management of the Group. The key assumptions are growth rates and pre- tax discount rates, which are estimated based on past practices and expectations of future changes in the market. The Board believes that any reasonably possible change in any of these assumptions would not cause the aggregate carrying amount of this CGU to exceed the aggregate recoverable amount of this CGU and determined that there is no impairment of this CGU. The recoverable amount of the Kangxin Hospital CGU has been determined based on a value in use calculation. The calculation uses cash flow projections based on financial budgets approved by the management of the Group. The key assumptions are growth rates and pre-tax discount rates which are estimated based on past practices and expectations of future changes in the market. After taken into consideration of the historical performance and most recent actual performance of the Kangxin Hospital CGU, the Board considers that the estimated medium-term future growth in revenue of Kangxin Hospital will be lower than previously anticipated. Accordingly, the aggregate recoverable amount of Kangxin Hospital CGU is below its aggregate carrying amount, and an impairment loss of RMB60.0 million was recognised during the year ended 31 December 2019. The goodwill relating to the Kangxin Hospital CGU was approximately RMB65.4 million as at 31 December 2019. Kangxin Hospital commenced operations in March 2017, and year 2019 was its third year of operation. The Board is of the view that the primary factors resulting in the change in future cash flow projections and the impairment of goodwill relating to the Kangxin Hospital CGU are as follows: (i) the actual revenue performance of Kangxin Hospital during the year 2019 was lower than previously anticipated. The number of inpatient and outpatient visits as well as the number of surgeries operated in 2019 had not reached our initial forecast numbers; (ii) competition for quality healthcare professionals in the Chongqing region is very keen and as Kangxin Hospital is still at an early stage of operation and developing its brand and reputation, it remains a challenge for Kangxin Hospital to recruit well-known and reputable doctors that are conducive to attracting patient visits. As a result, we have reduced the expected growth (i) (ii) (iii) Kangxin Hospital has incurred fixed costs at a rate that is faster than its revenue growth as originally anticipated. In particular, certain fixed costs, including wages, repairs and maintenance and other fixed administrative expenses have increased at a higher rate than expected due to market conditions and the competitive landscape in Chongqing. In view of the slow-down in revenue growth and the higher rate of costs increase, the management considers probable that there will be a decrease in the future cash flow projections in the short to medium term. Impairment of goodwill in relation to the acquisitions of Anhui Hualin Group and Kangxin Hospital is assessed by comparing the recoverable amount of the relevant CGUs to which goodwill has been allocated, which is the higher of the value in use or fair value less costs of disposal, to its carrying values at the end of the Reporting Period. The value in use of the CGUs is determined by the Board based on the present value of estimated future cash flows to be generated from the CGUs and with reference to the valuation reports prepared by an independent professional valuer, which was approved by the Board. Where the actual future cash flows are less than expected, or changes in facts and circumstances resulting in downward revision of future cash flows, an impairment loss may arise. The management of the Group adopts significant judgement and assumptions in the value in use calculation for estimation of the recoverable amount of the CGUs. Such key assumptions include growth rates and pre-tax discount rates. During the year ended 31 December 2019, the Group recognised an impairment loss of RMB60.0 million on the goodwill relating to Kangxin Hospital as the recoverable amount of the Kangxin CGU is less than its carrying amount. The Board is of the view that no provision for impairment has to be recognised for the goodwill relating to Anhui Hualin Group for the year ended 31 December 2019. The management and the Board will closely monitor the situation, and make adjustments as appropriate should future market activities and conditions indicate that such adjustments are required. As disclosed in this report, the recent COVID-19 pandemic has affected almost all industries and sectors, which may lead to a slowdown in the local and global economies. The situation has resulted in some businesses to temporarily cease operations for a significant period of time during the first quarter of year 2020. Our hospitals are largely operating as usual, subject to a certain degree of business disruptions, including temporary closures of our rehabilitation centres and rescheduling of some of our non-emergency services or surgeries. The Board is of the view the operations and financial condition of the Group as a whole are relatively less affected by COVID-19 pandemic, primarily because the bulk of our revenue from healthcare services are not directly correlated to the economic cycles and the overall demand of our Group’s healthcare services (particularly those that are essential to health and well-being) is likely to remain strong despite the COVID-19 pandemic in the medium to long term. (iii) The administrative expenses of the Group primarily consisted of staff costs, repairs and maintenance expenses, office expenses, depreciation and amortisation, rental expenses, utilities expenses, entertainment and travelling expenses and other expenses. In 2019, administrative expenses amounted to RMB232.3 million (2018: RMB185.2 million), representing a year-on-year increase of approximately 25.4%, primarily due to (i) an increase in administrative staff related costs to RMB89.0 million (2018: RMB72.6 million) as a result of general salary increase and increase in number of administrative staff headcounts; (ii) an increase in depreciation and amortisation to RMB32.4 million (2018: RM16.3 million) due to expansion of our operations as well as the impact of application of new accounting standard (IFRS 16) relating to leases; and (iii) an increase in office and administration costs as well as other utilities expenses due to expansion of our operations and acquisition of Anhui Hualin and Kangxin Hospital last year. Finance costs for the year amounted to RMB17.2 million (2018: RMB0.9 million). Finance costs for the current year represents (i) interest on bank loans raised during the year of RMB5.4 million (2018: RMB0.9 million); (ii) the interest element relating to lease liabilities charged to profit or loss during the current year due to application of new accounting standard (IFRS 16) relating to leases of RMB13.3 million (2018: nil); and (iii) less amount of interest capitalised in the cost of qualifying assets of RMB1.5 million (2018: nil). The income tax expenses of the Group primarily consisted of PRC enterprise income tax and Hong Kong Profits Tax. In 2019, income tax expenses amounted to RMB68.8 million (2018: RMB60.5 million), representing a year-on-year increase of approximately 13.7%. The subsidiaries of the Group in the PRC are generally subject to income tax rate of 25% on their respective taxable income. Our effective tax rate in 2019 is 58.6% (2018: 27.2%), and the increase is primarily due to tax effect of tax losses not recognised for losses incurred of Kangxin Hospital and tax effect of impairment loss recognised in respect of goodwill. In 2019, profit for the year amounted to RMB48.7 million (2018: RMB161.3 million), representing a year-on-year decrease of approximately 69.8% and profit for the year attributable to shareholders of the Company amounted to RMB74.3 million (2018: RMB167.9 million), representing a year-on-year decrease of approximately 55.7%. The decrease is primarily due to the continuing losses incurred by Kangxin Hospital and impairment loss recognised in respect of goodwill of RMB60.0 million for the current year. Property, Plant and Equipment, Right-of-Use Assets and Deposits Paid for During the year 2019, the Group acquired property, plant and equipment and incurred expenditure on construction in progress of RMB76.6 million (2018: RMB96.8 million) and RMB118.3 million (2018: RMB32.9 million), respectively, mainly for the purpose of upgrading and expanding the service capacity of our hospital operations and construction cost incurred of Phase II medical facility at our Kangxin Hospital. As at 31 December 2019, the Group had right-of-use assets of RMB323.1 million which includes leasehold lands of RMB150.4 million (leasehold lands were classified as prepaid lease payment as at 31 December 2018) and leasehold land and buildings relating to leases of RMB172.7 million recognised in accordance with IFRS 16. During the year, the Group entered into new lease agreements for the use of properties in the PRC ranging from two to three years. The Group is required to make fixed monthly payments. On lease commencement, the Group recognised right-of-use assets and lease liabilities of RMB8.4 million each relating to those new leases. In addition, as at 31 December 2019, the Group had deposits paid for acquisition of property, plant and equipment amounting to RMB109.6 million (2018: RMB81.1 million). The deposits mainly represent deposits paid for construction cost of Phase II medical facility at our Kangxin Hospital and amount paid for acquisition of new medical equipment and other new facilities as the Group continues to upgrade its medical facilities and expand its operation capacity. The account receivables of the Group primarily consisted of balances due from social insurance funds, certain corporate customers and individual patients. As at 31 December 2019, accounts receivables increased to RMB264.2 million (2018: RMB176.5 million), of which 74.0% (2018: 77.7%) were aged within 90 days. Average accounts receivables turnover days for the current year is 41.1 days (2018: 30.2 days). The increase in accounts receivables was primarily due to expansion of our owned hospitals’ operations and delay in accounts settlement from government bodies and federations on social insurance funds. The other receivables of the Group primarily consisted of prepayments to suppliers, interest receivables and others. As at 31 December 2019, other receivables increased to RMB36.4 million (2018: RMB30.5 million) primarily due to (i) a slight decrease in prepayments to suppliers to RMB9.9 million (2018: RMB11.7 million); and (ii) an increase in other receivables mainly due to expansion of the Group’s operations in general. The accounts and other payables of the Group primarily consisted of accounts payables, accrued expenses, receipts in advance, payables for acquisition of property, plant and equipment, provision for medical dispute claims and others. As at 31 December 2019, accounts and other payables increased slightly to RMB488.5 million (2018: RMB481.8 million) primarily due to (i) a slight decrease in accounts payable to RMB262.0 million (2018: RMB263.9 million); (ii) an increase of accrued expenses to RMB83.1 million (2018: RMB77.5 million) mainly due to increase in accrued staff salary and bonus due to increase in number of staff headcounts, and increase in other operational and administrative charges due to expansion in operation; and (iii) an increase in payable for acquisition of property, plant and equipment to RMB57.4 million (2018: RMB54.5 million) due to payables incurred for purchases of medical equipment purchases and improvement works made to our owned-hospitals during the year. As at 31 December 2019, the Group recorded net current assets of RMB378.2 million (2018: RMB286.0 million) and net assets position of RMB1,457.6 million (2018: RMB1,509.5 million). The Group continued to maintain a strong financial position with cash and cash equivalents of RMB223.9 million as at 31 December 2019 (2018: RMB203.3 million). The increase is mainly due to operating cash inflow generated across all our operations. The Group continues to generate steady cash inflow from operations and coupled with sufficient cash and bank balances. Thus, in the opinion of the directors of the Company, the Group will have adequate and sufficient liquidity and financial resources to meet the working capital requirement of the Group for at least the next twelve months from the end of the Reporting Period. As at 31 December 2019, the Group had investments (classified as financial assets at FVTPL) in aggregate of RMB477.2 million (2018: RMB479.1 million) primarily consisting of, (i) portfolio investment fund of RMB77.2 million (2018: RMB54.0 million), representing an investment fund deposited with a discretionary fund manager engaged in Hong Kong mandate to manage the fund and achieve appropriate capital gain return that is consistent with the Group’s cash management policy. The portfolio included a mixture of cash and shares that are primarily listed in Hong Kong. During the year, consistent with its cash management policy, the Group made additional investment into the portfolio investment fund of HK$15.6 million (equivalent to approximately RMB13.4 million) for the purpose of utilising idle cash for better capital gain return; and (ii) structured bank deposits of RMB400.0 million (2018: RMB402.0 million), representing principal-protected products issued by a PRC commercial bank. At 31 December 2018, the Group had an unlisted fund measured at fair value of US$3.4 million (equivalent to approximately RMB23.2 million) representing an investment in equity securities of a private company in the PRC for the purpose of capital gain, strategic long-term investment and potential cooperation in healthcare. During the year 2019, the Group disposed of the unlisted fund and the relevant gain was recognised in profit or loss during the year ended 31 December As part of the Group’s cash management policy to manage excess cash, the Group purchases investment products from financial institutions to achieve higher interest income without interfering with business operations or capital expenditures. The Group carefully balances the risks and returns associated with the investment products when making the investment decisions. The senior management of the Group is closely involved in scrutinizing any decision of the Group to purchase investment products. The investment products should generally satisfy the following criteria; (i) its term should generally not exceed one year; (ii) it should not interfere with the Group’s business operations or capital expenditures; (iii) it should be issued by a reputable bank which the Group has a long-term relationship, preferably exceeding five years; and (iv) the underlying investment portfolio should generally be low risk. The table below sets forth the information as extracted from the consolidated statement of cash flow of the Group for the years indicated: Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents In 2019, the net cash generated from operating activities amounted to RMB98.2 million (2018: RMB177.0 million), representing a year-on-year decrease of 44.5%, which was primarily due to (i) our improved Adjusted EBITDA for the Reporting Period; (ii) changes in working capital including increase in inventories, increase in accounts and other receivables and decrease in accounts and other payables; and (iii) increase in tax paid during the year amounting to RMB71.9 million (2018: RMB53.3 million). The decrease in operating cash inflow was generally attributable to the overall increase in operating costs of the Group especially the loss incurred at our Kangxin Hospital during the year. In 2019, net cash used in investing activities amounted to RMB212.9 million (2018: RMB285.4 million), representing a year-on-year decrease of 25.4%, which was primarily due to (i) no significant acquisition being made during the current year; (ii) a decrease in investment income received from financial assets at FVTPL and interest received as compared with last year; and (iii) an increase in purchase of property, plant and equipment as compared with last year due to expansion of operations. In 2019, net cash from financing activities amounted to RMB135.1 million (2018: net cash used in financing activities of RMB74.4 million), which was mainly due to (i) new bank loans (net of bank loan arrangement fees of RMB12.6 million) of the Group amounting to RMB222.8 million (2018: nil); (ii) the Group’s net advances from non-controlling shareholders of Anhui Hualin and Kangxin Hospital of RMB7.7 million (2018: net advances from non-controlling shareholders of subsidiaries of RMB41.0 million); and (iii) the Group’s repayment of lease liabilities of RMB22.0 million (2018: nil). During the year, the Group obtained new bank loan facilities in aggregate amounting to RMB620.0 million for the purpose of providing funding for the development of its Phase II medical facility and financing its operation at Kangxin Hospital, in which RMB235.4 million has been drawn down during the year. Save as disclosed in this report, the Group had no significant investment, acquisition and/or disposal during the Reporting Period and there has not been any significant events since the end of the Reporting Period and up to the date of this report. As part of the Group’s cash management, the Group has from time to time invested into investment products issued by a reputable PRC commercial bank with terms ranging from 92 to 103 days and portfolio investment funds to achieve higher interest income without interfering with business operations or capital expenditures. The investment products are not rated by any credit agency but are classified as low-risk by the issuing bank and listed securities with low risk profile. The Group carefully balances the risks and returns associated with the investment products when making the investment decisions. The senior management of the Group is closely involved in scrutinizing any decision of the Group to purchase investment products. the Group regularly makes capital expenditures to expand its operations, maintain its medical facilities and improve its operating efficiency. Capital expenditure primarily consists of purchases of property, plant and equipment. The capital expenditure of the Group during the year was RMB194.9 million (2018: RMB129.7 million). The Group has financed its capital expenditure mainly through cash flows generated from operating activities and bank loans obtained during the current year. The Company’s H shares were listed on the Stock Exchange on 8 November 2016. The Company’s net proceeds from the initial public offering of its H shares amounts to approximately RMB782.6 million (equivalently to approximately HK$874.9 million) after deducting underwriting commissions and all related expenses. The net proceeds from the initial public offering have been and will be utilised in accordance with the purposes set out in the Prospectus. Up to 31 December 2019, of the net proceeds from the initial public offering, (i) RMB68.0 million, representation approximately 8.7% of the net proceeds, has been utilised and used as general working capital; (ii) RMB131.2 million, representing approximately 16.8% of the net proceeds, has been utilised and used on expansion of our current operations and upgrading our hospital’s facilities; and (iii) RMB157.8 million, representing approximately 20.2% of the net proceeds, has been utilised and used for acquisition and potential acquisition of businesses. As at 31 December 2019, out of the balance of the unutilised net proceeds of RMB425.6 million, part of which has been used to purchase certain financial products (classified as financial assets at FVTPL) to achieve higher interest income and capital gain return without interfering with our business operations or capital expenditures to earn better return on our excess cash balance, and the remaining balance has been kept at the bank accounts of the Group (included in bank balances and cash). As at the date of this report, the Company does not anticipate any material change to its plan on the use of proceeds as stated in the Prospectus. The following table sets forth the intended purposes for the net proceeds from the initial public offering, the utilisation of such proceeds and the timeline of utilisation estimated by the management: (RMB million) 31 December 2019 (RMB million) (RMB million) Expansion of the Group’s current operations and By the end of 31 December 2021 Expansion of operating capacity and capability in multi-disciplinary specialised treatment and By the end of 31 December 2021 By the end of 31 December 2021 Expansion of healthcare operations in the PRC By the end of 31 December 2021 Working capital and other general corporate By the end of 31 December 2020 Note: Such timeline is an estimation of the management only and is subject to change on account of the Group’s operating conditions and market conditions from time to time. In particular, it should not be taken as an indication that any potential transaction is under negotiation and/or will materialise. During the year, the Group obtained new bank loan facilities in the aggregate amount of RMB620.0 million for the purpose of funding the development of the Phase II medical facility and financing operations at Kangxin Hospital, in which RMB235.4 million has been drawn down during the year. The principal agreements underlying such bank loan facilities include the following: (i) a RMB420.0 million fixed asset facility agreement with Industrial and Commercial Bank of China Limited, Chongqing Jiangbei Branch, pursuant to which RMB169.4 million has been drawn down during the year. The bank loan carried an interest rate at the benchmark lending rate offered by the People’s Bank of China (adjusted annually from the drawn down date) and is secured by shares pledged over the entire equity in Kangxin Hospital held by the Company and its non-controlling shareholder. As at 31 December 2019, the effective interest rate of the secured bank loan is 5.9% (ii) a RMB200.0 million financial leasing agreement with Industrial and Commercial Bank of China Leasing Co., Ltd., pursuant to which RMB66.0 million has been drawn down during the year. The loan carried an interest rate at the benchmark lending rate offered by the People’s Bank of China plus 5%, which was fixed at the drawn down date. This agreement involves a sale and lease back arrangement over certain medical equipment assets of Kangxin Hospital, pursuant to which such assets have been transferred to the lender and leased back to Kangxin Hospital, with an option exercisable by Kangxin Hospital to purchase the assets at a nominal consideration upon the maturity of the lease. Despite that such arrangement assumes the legal form of a lease, the Group retains effective control over such assets; thus, the Group accounted for such arrangement as a secured loan at amortised cost at an effective interest rate of 6.74% per annum and repayable in quarterly variable instalments until September 2027. In addition, such assets have been pledged to the lender as security throughout the loan period. As at 31 December 2019, the property, plant and equipment with net book value of RMB58.8 million had been pledged to secure the banking facility granted. In connection with the bank loan facilities above, certain of our controlling shareholders, a non-controlling shareholder of a subsidiary and a related company controlled by certain of our controlling shareholders provided guarantees and undertakings in favour of the relevant lender. The financial assistance provided by certain of our controlling shareholders is exempted from the connected transaction requirements under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules by virtue of Rule 14A.90 of the Listing Rules. (i) (ii) The Group is subject to legal proceedings and claims in the ordinary of business primarily arising from medical disputes brought on by patients. Provision for medical disputes is made based on the status of potential and active claims outstanding as at the end of the relevant period, and primarily taking into account any judicial appraisal or court determination against the Group. As at 31 December 2019, the total stated claim amount of the Group’s on-going medical disputes was approximately RMB5.8 million (2018: RMB9.8 million) and there were certain medical disputes without claim amount stated. Based on the Group’s assessment, during the year ended 31 December 2019, approximately RMB0.4 million (2018: RMB1.3 million) had been provided and included in accounts and other payables of the Group. As at 31 December 2019, the Group had no contingent liabilities or guarantees that would have a material impact on the financial position or operation of the Group. As at 31 December 2019, certain property, plant and equipment of the Group with net book value of RMB58.8 million (2018: nil) had been pledged to secure banking facilities granted to the Group (2018: the Group had no banking facilities). The capital commitments of the Group were primarily attributable to construction costs relating to the expansion and renovation of the Group’s medical facilities. As at 31 December 2019, the capital commitments in respect of property, plant and equipment contracted for but not provided in the consolidated financial statements were RMB332.0 million (2018: RMB116.0 million). The Group’s financial instruments primarily consisted of accounts and other receivables, financial assets at FVTPL, fixed bank deposits, bank balances and cash, restricted bank balances, accounts and other payables, amounts due to a shareholder, amounts due to non-controlling shareholders of a subsidiary, bank loans and lease liabilities. The management of the Company manages and monitors these exposures to ensure appropriate measures are implemented on a timely and effective manner. The proceeds of raised by the Company in its initial public offering of its H Shares is denominated in Hong Kong dollars. The Group deposits certain of its financial assets in Hong Kong dollars, and is mainly exposed to fluctuation in exchange rates of Hong Kong dollars against RMB. The Group is therefore exposed to foreign exchange risk. The Group has not used any derivatives financial instruments to hedge against its exposure to currency risk. The management manages the currency risk by closely monitoring the movement of the foreign currency rates and will consider hedging significant foreign currency exposure should such need arise. As at 31 December 2019, the Group’s gearing ratio (total interest-bearing bank loans divided by total equity and multiplied by 100%) was 14.8% (2018: zero). 