In 2019, the optical fibre and cable price plummeted owing to the adjustment of supply and demand structure and the intensified competition in the optical fibre and cable industry. Against the backdrop of challenges, the Company focused on the medium and long-term strategic development and continued to implement its strategic measures. It kept a balanced price and volume relationship to reinforce its advantages in optical fibre preform, optical fibre and optical cable business and maintained its leading position in the telecom market. It also actively expanded the international market and developed a comprehensive solution to expand the segment markets in the industry. Due to industry impacts, however, revenue and profit of the Company came under great pressure. Detailed operating conditions are as follows: The main products of the Company include optical fibre preform, optical fibre and optical cable. In 2019, as the construction of 4G networks and Fibre To The Home (FTTH) reached peak level while the large-scale construction of 5G networks has not yet commenced in the market of China, the growth of the optical cable demand slowed down. Meanwhile, the production capacity of the major preform suppliers in China released successively in the previous period, which caused the shortage to end. China also had excess optical fibre and cable capacity. The movement in supply and demand structure caused the optical fibre and cable price to drop sharply during the centralized procurement of optical cable products by the operators in the country and had a negative effect on the results of the Company. In 2019, revenue from the preform and optical fibre business of the Company was approximately RMB2,508.4 million, decreased by approximately 46.5% as compared to last year; gross profit margin decreased from approximately 49.4% for 2018 to approximately 40.5% for 2019 Revenue from the optical cable business of the Company was approximately RMB4,002.0 million, decreased by approximately 30.1% as compared to last year; gross profit margin increased from approximately 12.2% for 2018 to approximately 17.1% for 2019. Facing the unfavourable market conditions, the Company, on the one hand, strengthened its product quality management to ensure the products were supplied in good quality to the satisfaction of customers, and utilized its distinctive brand and quality advantages to minimize the negative influence of low-price competition. On the other hand, the Company was determined to promote the multi-process routing to improve production efficiency and reduce costs. Preform is a key segment with the highest technical barrier and profitability in the industry. Therefore, the cost control of preform is a core factor influencing the profitability of each company in the industry when the industry chain comes under price pressure. In 2019, the Company’s independently-developed VAD and OVD preform manufacturing processes were further optimized and their scaled capacity was gradually released. Comparing to the traditional PCVD process, VAD and OVD have certain cost advantage in producing single-mode optical fibre preform used in the telecom market. The smart production facility in Qianjiang, the construction of which was financed by the proceeds from the Company’s initial public offering of A Shares, have made full utilization of its technical advantages, scale effect and smart manufacturing ability to further optimize production efficiency and cost structure, highlighting the advantage of the multi-process integration of the Company. In the meantime, the Company keeps identifying market opportunities. Focusing on 5G construction requirement, during the Mobile World Congress 2019 organized in Shanghai in June 2019, the Company released its “5G comprehensive connectivity strategy” and “YOFC industrial internet solutions”, offering a range of customized products and solutions to various 5G application scenarios. In order to meet the requirement of 5G high bandwidth, the Company developed the global-leading G.654.E optical fibre with ultra-low loss & large effective area to be used in the trunk line of 5G networks. Currently, the operators’ construction of trial networks with G.654.E optical fibre has been completed and G.654.E realized remarkable results during the centralized procurement by domestic operators. Driven by the construction of date centers, the demand for multi-mode optical fibre products increased in a stable manner and the high-end multi-mode optical fibre of the Company to be used for data centers has also commenced commercial operation; driven by the government’s policies regarding informatization of national defense and military, smart power grid and the promotion of made-in-China, demand for specialty optical fibre products continued to increase in the market. Expansion of Communication Engineering, Comprehensive Solution In 2019, focusing on the application scenarios including overseas communication network engineering project, data centers and smart cities, the Company made work group and resource integration and built integrated solutions to overseas communication, smart public security construction and all-optical network to enhance its core competitive edge while making continuous efforts in market expansion. In 2019, the Company made a breakthrough in the construction of overseas communication engineering. In Philippines, the network construction of the Company progressed well and new customers were continuously developed. In July 2019, a subsidiary of the Company in Peru entered into four agreements with PROGRAMA NACIONAL DE TELECOMUNICACIONES PRONATEL in respect of the broadband internet connection projects in Ancash, Arequipa, La Libertad and San Martin respectively, which are integral parts of the national broadband project of Peru and cover over 1 million citizens in about 1,683 cities or towns with a total amount of approximately USD400 million. In China, the comprehensive solution business of the Company continued to develop. The Company acquired and completed various projects, including the smart public security construction in Hubei and the all-optical network construction in a university in Jiangsu. In August 2019, the Company entered into an agreement with China Construction Third Engineering Bureau Co., Ltd in respect of the cooperation in the fields of urban construction, construction engineering, information service and overseas expansion. In September 2019, the Company entered in an all-around strategic cooperation agreement with China Mobile Communications Group (Hubei) Co., Ltd, announcing the parties will jointly explore and implement the application of 5G technology in various sectors and industries. In October 2019, the Company, together with Huawei Technologies Co., Ltd., Nokia Shanghai Bell Co., Ltd., Digital China Group Company Limited and China Overseas Property Holdings Limited, announced to establish the Optical Network Alliance to promote the development and application of the new optical network. In November 2019, the Company entered into a strategic cooperation agreement with Hubei Broadcasting and Television Information Network Co., Ltd. to establish a “5G+ industrial internet innovation and experience centre”. PRONATEL Ancash (Optical transceiver) Optical transceiver, one of the important devices of the optical fibre communication system, is composed of optoelectronic devices, functional circuits and optical interfaces. The role of the optical transceiver is a photoelectric conversion, the sending-end of which turns electrical signals into light signals and then send them to the receiving end via optical fibre, then the receiving end turns them into electrical signals again. In 2019, the Company launched the optical transceiver product line and has continuously built its technical group to improve the competitive edge of its products. The Company has worked closely with China Telecom on the development of 5G technology and the application of optical transceiver and has been actively preparing for the centralized procurement of optical transceiver by China Telecom. As of the end of 2019, the Company has passed various qualification assessments and obtained the tender qualification in respect of China Telecom’s centralized procurement of optical transceiver. The demand for optical fibre and cable continued to increase in a healthy manner in overseas market in 2019. In line with its established international expansion strategy, the Company relies on the overseas regional centres to strengthen its overseas sales team and continuously expand overseas business in a deepened and integrated manner. Leveraging on the growing overseas production capacity and marketing capability, the Company has stepped up its effort in the expansion of international markets by attaching more importance to the sales to the end customers, such as the local telecom operators, to improve customer stickiness and identifying opportunities arising from the customized product market to develop the global-leading operator customers in key regions in due time to achieve a synergy effect. Meanwhile, the Company has been actively involved in the international expansion strategy of China Telecom and other domestic enterprises to take the initiative for business development. In 2019, even though the demand in overseas market increased, the competition in the overseas market intensified and the unit price of optical fibre and cable in overseas market dropped, following a sharp decline in the optical fibre and cable price in China. In 2019, revenue from the Company’s overseas business was approximately RMB1,661.3 million, decreased by approximately 11.9% as compared to last year. Innovation is the driving force for the sustainable development of the Company and the technological innovation and smart manufacturing is one of the five major strategies of the Company. In 2019, the Company made end-to-end resource and capacity integration in line with its product lines, and conducted customer-oriented technological researches and product innovation. It deepened the implementation of the innovation-driven development strategy in terms of organizational system and operation model, which greatly shortened the time period for a product from research and development (“R&D”) to commercial use. In addition to the abovementioned G.654.E optical fibre which made a breakthrough in the operators’ centralized procurement, many products, including the optoelectronic cable and the high-density micro distribution optical cable, developed by the Company catering for customer needs also made steady progress. Besides, the Company has stuck to the R&D of the multi-process technology as well as establishing its independent in-house innovation platform. The Company’s “environment-friendly and resource-efficient optical cable and related manufacturing technology and equipment” ( second prize of Hubei Technological Invention Award ( ), being the first time for the Company to win technological invention award. As of the end of 2019, the Company had 499 authorized valid patents (including 251 patents for invention) and 66 overseas authorized patents. In 2019, the Company integrated the hardware and software team in relation to smart manufacturing and officially launched the Smart Manufacturing Academy and relevant departments. While making comprehensive arrangement of the smart plant construction and intellectualized reconstruction projects, the Company relied on the core advantage of “optical connection” to generate business outcome and released the “YOFC industrial internet solutions”. In December 2019, the secondary nodes for the industrial internet identification analysis were officially put into service in the Company, the first in the optical communication industry in China. As an integral part of the industrial ecosystem, the industrial internet identification analysis system plays as the “central nerve” of the industrial internet to provide unified identity logos and identification analysis service to the connection objects and give a unique “identification card” to each product, component and machine. Currently, the top five national nodes for the industrial internet identification analysis have been built and launched in Beijing, Shanghai, Wuhan, Guangzhou and Chongqing. The secondary nodes for identification analysis launched in the Company this time will connect the top national nodes for identification analysis and enterprise identification nodes and application systems, providing various data management services, such as identification registration, identification analysis and operation monitoring, to the connected enterprises and enabling data search and sharing among different enterprises, industries and regions, thus driving the transformation and upgrade of the manufacturing industry with higher effective sharing of data. During the year, the Group’s revenue was approximately RMB7,769.2 million, decreased by approximately 31.6% as compared to 2018 of approximately RMB11,359.8 million. The Group reported a gross profit of RMB1,833.5 million, decreased by approximately 43.2% as compared to 2018 of approximately RMB3,228.4 million. The Group’s profit for the year attributable to the equity shareholders of the Company amounted to approximately RMB801.2 million, decreased by approximately 46.2% as compared to 2018 of approximately RMB1,489.2 million. Basic earnings per share was RMB1.06 per share (2018: RMB2.09 per share), which was calculated based on the weighted average number of shares issued, further details of which are set out in note V.49 to the financial statements of this annual report. The Group’s revenue for the year ended 31 December 2019 was approximately RMB7,769.2 million, representing an decrease of 31.6% as compared to 2018 of approximately RMB11,359.8 million. By product segment, a total revenue of approximately RMB2,508.4 million was contributed from our optical fibre preforms and optical fibres segment, representing a decrease of 46.5% as compared to 2018 of approximately RMB4,691.2 million and accounting for 32.3% (2018: 41.3%) of the Group’s revenue; while a total revenue of RMB4,002.0 million was contributed by our optical fibre cables segment, representing a decrease of 30.1% as compared to 2018 of approximately RMB5,726.7 million and accounting for 51.5% (2018: 50.4%) of the Group’s revenue. The substantial decrease in the Group’s total revenue was mainly because in the recent central biddings from domestic telecom operators, the price of optical fibre and cable decreased by approximately 40%. Also, affected by the relatively late timing of the biddings, although the announced total volume in the biddings were roughly the same as last year, the volume in the biddings was not released in full in 2019. A total revenue of approximately RMB1,258.7 million was contributed by others, representing an increase of 33.6% as compared to 2018 of approximately RMB941.9 million and accounting for 16.2% (2018: 8.3%) of the Group’s revenue. The increase was mainly attributable to the increase in income from System Integration Sales, which grew significantly by 522.1% as compared with 2018. By geographical segment, a total revenue of approximately RMB6,107.9 million was contributed by domestic customers, representing a decrease of 35.5% (2018: increased by 2.9%) as compared to 2018 of approximately RMB9,473.8 million and accounting for 78.6% of the Group’s revenue. For overseas market, a total revenue of approximately RMB1,661.3 million was reported in 2019 representing a decrease of 11.9% (2018: increased by 62.5%) as compared to 2018 of approximately RMB1,886.0 million and accounting for approximately 21.4% of the Group’s revenue. The Group’s cost of sales for the year ended 31 December 2019 was approximately RMB5,935.6 million, representing a decrease of 27.0% as compared to 2018 of approximately RMB8,131.3 million and accounting for 76.4% of the Group’s revenue. The decrease in cost of sales was lower than the decrease of the Group’s revenue. The percentage difference was mainly because the decrease in the selling price of optical fibre preforms, optical fibres and optical cables which was affected by the market was higher than the decrease in the cost of major raw materials in 2019. The Group’s cost of sales included (i) raw material costs; (ii) manufacturing overheads (including depreciation on machinery and equipment, consumables, rental expenses, utilities and other manufacturing overheads); and (iii) direct labour costs. In 2019, the Group’s total raw material costs was approximately RMB5,003.4 million, representing an decrease of 30.9% as compared to approximately RMB7,243.9 million in 2018. For the year ended 31 December 2019, the Group’s manufacturing overheads and direct labour cost amounted to approximately RMB929.6 million, representing an increase of 5.0% as compared to RMB885.0 million in 2018. For the year ended 31 December 2019, the Group reported a gross profit of RMB1,833.5 million, representing a decrease of 43.2% as compared to RMB3,228.4 million in 2018 and the gross profit margin decreased to 23.6% in 2019 (2018: 28.4%). The decrease in gross profit was mainly because the decrease in the selling price of optical fibre preforms, optical fibres and optical cables, which was affected by the market was higher than the decrease in the cost of major raw materials in 2019. The Group’s selling expenses for the year ended 31 December 2019 were RMB347.3 million, representing a decrease of 9.9% as compared to RMB385.3 million in 2018. The decrease was mainly due to the decrease in revenue and cut down in salary expenditures. The Group’s administrative expenses for the year ended 31 December 2019 were RMB428.5 million, representing a decrease of 33.8% as compared to RMB646.9 million in 2018. The decrease was mainly due to the decrease in revenue and cut down in salary expenditures and other administrative expenditures. The Group’s R&D expenses for the year ended 31 December 2019 were RMB413.5 million, representing a decrease of 20.0% as compared to RMB516.8 million in 2018. The decrease was mainly due to the decrease in revenue and cut down in salary expenditures and part of significant research project has been put into operation. The Group’s financial expenses for the year ended 31 December 2019 were RMB6.2 million, representing a decrease of RMB33.9 as compared to RMB40.1 million in 2018, which was mainly because the exchange gains increased by RMB32.0 million as compared with the same period of last year. The interest rates of the bank loans in 2019 ranged from 1.20% to 5.00% per annum (2018: 1.20% to 5.70% per annum), while the annual effective interest rate for the borrowings in 2019 was 2.86% (2018: 4.14%). The Group’s other income for the year ended 31 December 2019 was RMB203.9 million, representing an increase of approximately RMB176.0 million as compared to RMB27.9 million in 2018, which was mainly because the government grants related to income increased by approximately RMB164.5 million. The Group’s income tax for the year ended 31 December 2019 was RMB99.2 million, representing a decrease of 45.3% as compared to RMB181.5 million in 2018. On the other hand, the effective tax rate slightly increased from 10.9% in 2018 to 11.2% in 2019. Details of the preferential tax treatments of the Company and certain subsidiaries were set out in note IV to the financial statements contained in this annual report. During the year, the Group incurred capital expenditures of approximately RMB877.8 million (2018: RMB1,333.3 million) in total, involving the purchase of fixed assets, construction-in-progress, intangible assets, which were mainly related to the enhanced production capacities of three major products at home and abroad as well as the enhanced production efficiency of existing optical fibre preforms and optical fibre equipment. The A shares of the Company were listed on Shanghai Stock Exchange on 20 July 2018. The net proceeds from the issue of the A shares (after deducting the underwriting fees and A share issue expenses) amounted to approximately RMB1,894.3 million. As at 31 December 2019, the proceeds of approximately RMB1,807.2 million were used in the following items: (1) approximately RMB1,312.9 million was used for the II and III Phase of capacity expansion for self-made optical fibre preform and optical fibre industrialisation in Yangtze Optical Fibre (Qianjiang) Limited Company; (2) approximately RMB300.0 million was used for the repayment of bank loans; (3) approximately RMB194.3 million was used for the replenishment of working capital occupied. The remaining proceeds of approximately RMB87.1 million would still be specially used in the Phase II and III of capacity expansion for self-made optical fibre preform and optical fibre industrialisation in Yangtze Optical Fibre (Qianjiang) Limited Company. The Group monitors its leverage using gearing ratio, which is net debts divided by total equity. Net debts include all bank loans less cash and cash equivalents. The Group’s gearing ratio as at 31 December 2019 was -13.0% (2018: -15.8%). The following table sets forth the selected cash flow data derived from the consolidated cash flow statement for the year ended 31 December 2019. Effect of foreign exchange rate changes on The net cash generated from the Group’s operating activities increased by approximately RMB277.3 million, which was mainly due to receipt in advance for Peru broadband network installation projects while no significant expenditures occurred. The net cash used by the Group’s investment activities decreased by approximately RMB863.0 million, which was mainly because the project of capacity expansion of YOFC Qianjiang, a subsidiary of the Company, was finished and payment for acquisition of fixed assets were decreased significantly as compared with the same period of 2018. Net cash generated from the Group’s financing activities decreased by approximately RMB2,504.5 million, which was mainly due to net proceeds from the initial public offering of A shares amounted to approximately RMB1,894.3 million from the last year and the decrease in bank loans in 2019. Cash and cash equivalents as at 31 December 2019 were cash at banks and in hand, which were mainly in RMB, US Dollars, South African Rand, Euro, HK Dollars and Indonesian Rupiah. As at 31 December 2019, the Group’s net current assets was RMB4,082.6 million, which was basically stable with RMB4,149.6 million as at 31 December As at 31 December 2019, the Group’s bank loans were RMB958.6 million, representing a decrease of RMB412.5 million from approximately RMB1,371.1 million as at 31 December 2018. As at 31 December 2019, 23.4% of the Group’s bank loans were floating-rate loans and 76.6% were fixed- rate loans. Among the Group’s bank loans, 4.7% were Hong Kong dollar loans, 34.9% were US dollar loans, and the remaining 60.4% were RMB loans. As at 31 December 2019, the Group’s outstanding capital commitments on fixed assets were approximately RMB1,529.3 million (2018: approximately RMB2,227.3 million), and equity investment was approximately RMB122.7 million (2018: approximately RMB26.3 million). Out of the total amount of unsettled commitments as at 31 December 2019 of approximately RMB1,652.0 million (2018: RMB2,253.6 million), a total amount of approximately RMB886.3 million (2018: approximately RMB493.4 million) were contracted, and the balance of approximately RMB765.7 million (2018: approximately RMB1,760.2 million) were authorized but not yet contracted by the Board. As at 31 December 2019, the Group did not have any material contingent liability. As at 31 December 2019, the Group’s plants and buildings with a cost of RMB51.3 million and land use rights with a cost of RMB27.1 million were pledged as collaterals to secure the Group’s credit line. The Group’s bank acceptance bills with a cost of RMB25.4 million were pledged as collaterals to The Group adopts a conservative approach on its funding and treasury policy, which aims to maintain an optimal financial position and the most economic finance costs as well as minimise the Group’s financial risks. The Group regularly reviews the funding requirements to ensure adequate financial resources to support its business operations and future investments and expansion plans as and when needed. Most of the revenues and expenses are settled in RMB while some of the Group’s sales, purchases and financial liabilities are denominated in US Dollars, Euro and HK Dollars. Most of the bank deposits are in RMB, US Dollars, Euro and HK Dollars. During the year, the Group benefited mainly from the favourable fluctuations in exchange rate movements between RMB and US Dollars or Euro. The amount of net foreign exchange gains was RMB19.6 million. During the year, the Group entered into several currency structured forward contracts to reduce our foreign currency risks. The Group will closely monitor the ongoing movements on exchange rates and will consider entering into other hedging arrangements. As at 31 December 2019, the Group had approximately 4,687 full-time employees (2018: 4,499 full-time employees). The Group has designed an annual evaluation system to assess the performance of its employees. Such system forms the basis of determining whether an employee should be entitled to salary increments, bonuses or promotions. The salaries and bonuses that the employees received are competitive with market rates. The Company has been in compliance with the relevant national and local labor and social welfare laws and regulations in China. The Group arranges external training courses, seminars and technical courses for employees to enhance their professional knowledge and skills, their understanding of market development and management and operational skills. As at 31 December 2019, the Company discounted and endorsed certain bank bills receivable with a carrying amount of approximately RMB319.2 million (2018: RMB152.4 million) to certain commercial banks in China and its suppliers. There was no material acquisition and disposal of subsidiaries and associated companies by the Company during the year ended 31 December 2019. Looking forward to 2020, in response to the increasingly complex and intensified competition, the Company will insist on its long-term development strategy. Relying on innovation and technology leadership, the Company will follow its high-quality brand strategy and maintain the leading position of its core products, including optical fibre preforms and optical fibres, in both domestic and overseas markets. Meanwhile, it will continue to implement the established strategy of international expansion and relevant diversification steadily, ensuring the sustainable and healthy development of the Company: Arrange Orderly Resumption of Work and Production while Implementing Strict Epidemic Prevention and Control to Secure Affected by the novel coronavirus (COVID-19) outbreak, the Company has adopted various effective anti-virus measures in a timely manner. Before 23 January 2020, the Company requested all employees to take leaves, except for the few responsible for crucial security control, and encouraged employees to work from home by adopting telecommuting system. After the virus outbreak, the Company established an emergency response group responsible for the monitoring of the epidemic situation of the Company. It requested all employees of the Company to report their body temperature and health condition on a daily basis. For employees who must go to the office and production facilities in Wuhan out of the need of epidemic prevention, the Company took a series of measures, such as prior notification, in-and-out registration and temperature measurement, and provided masks and other protective articles. During the period from December 2019 to the date of this annual report, no COVID-19 infection case has been identified during working hours inside the Company. As of the date of this annual report, the proportion of the number of COVID-19 infection case to the total number of employees of the Company was lower than 1%. Affected by the epidemic, the Spring Festival holiday in 2020 was extended. The Group has extensive production distribution in respect of optical fibre and optical cable. Pursuant to the country’s policy to resume work in major provinces successively from 10 February 2020, the production facilities of the Company located in Tianjin, Liaoning, Gansu, Zhejiang and Guangdong have resumed production successively while ensuring safety. Operation of the overseas subsidiaries of the Company located in Indonesia and South Africa, unaffected by the epidemic, continued during the Spring Festival period. Pursuant to the requirement of epidemic prevention and control, the office and production facilities of the Company located in Hubei resumed production gradually from mid-March 2020. The Company has made flexible capacity arrangement. On one hand, it makes full use of the production facilities located outside of Hubei in order to meet the demand of customers for optical fibres and cables. The sales and customer service personnel provide 24/7 online services to the customers. On the other hand, as the major preform capacity of the Company are located in Wuhan and Qianjiang, Hubei, the Company has strengthened the transportation logistics and used inventories to meet the demand of customers and of its own for optical fibre production since the work resumption in Hubei in March 2020. Meanwhile, depending on its adequate raw materials for and flexibility of the PCVD process, the Company has endeavoured to alleviate the negative impacts on preform capacity. While implementing the companywide epidemic prevention and control, the Company has actively fulfilled its social responsibility to do its part to the epidemic fighting work. During the construction of Huoshenshan Hospital and Leishenshan Hospital, the Company made quick response and organized personnel to contact with the relevant people from China Construction Third Engineering Bureau Co Ltd and China Tower (Hubei) Corp Ltd. responsible for the construction to provide a large number of optical cables and outdoor & indoor structured cabling system products necessary for the network infrastructure construction of the hospitals. Many employees of the Company applied to participate in the network construction project. The cable distribution, welding and structured cabling work were completed ahead of schedule, which provided strong support to the epidemic prevention work in Wuhan. During the construction of Dabieshan Medical Centre in Huanggang, Hubei, the Company made overnight packages and delivery of the system integration products necessary for the project construction, ensuring the construction progressed as scheduled. Besides, the subsidiaries of the Group in Philippines, Peru and Africa managed to raise scarce medical resources and donate to the virus frontline. To solidify leading position in main businesses and consolidate market In 2020, the competition in the domestic optical fibre and cable market will remain fierce. The uncertainty of demand from domestic operators increased in the first half of 2020, and oversupply of optical fibres and cables continues. Under the current market conditions, it is one of the crucial parts of the industrial competition to ensure the profitability of optical fibre preform and optical fibre products. On one hand, the Company would take measures to lower costs and increase production efficiency, further optimise OVD and VAD processes to increase yield rate from raw materials, promote smart manufacturing projects to produce standardized products with lower costs, and to further lower costs. On the other hand, the Company will continue to strengthen the relationship with end customers both at home and abroad to ensure excellent performance in the central bidding of operators and will tap into more customers of dedicated network and industries such as railway and China Broadcasting Network to consistently increase market share. Furthermore, leveraging its leading technological advantages, the Company will closely follow the market demand and make more efforts in promoting G.654.E optical fibre with large effective area and ultra-low attenuation, composite cables and high-end multi-mode optical fibres with ultra-wide band, so as to generate more revenue and profit. Regarding market demand, fixed network construction continues. In May 2019, according to the deployment on carrying out demonstration of 1,000MB broadband in urban areas set out in the Government Work Report, the Ministry of Industry and Information Technology (MIIT) of the People’s Republic of China and the State-owned Assets Supervision and Administration Commission of the State Council jointly issued the Circular on 2019 Dedicated Action on Carrying out Further Facilitation of Broadband Network Speed Acceleration and Cost Reduction to Support Quality Economic Development ( the facilitation of fundamental telecommunication enterprises to deploy 1,000MB broadband access network in over 300 cities. The 1,000MB broadband would cover over 20 million users, which will secure basic network for the innovation and promotion of high bandwidth application. As of the end of December 2019, 870,000 users have access to fixed Internet broadband with the speed of over 1,000MB in China, accounting for approximately 0.2% of total users with fixed Internet broadband access. There is still potential for future construction. Regarding 4G construction, according to the data from MIIT, as of the end of December 2019, the number of 4G users was 1.28 billion, representing 80.1% of mobile phone users. In 2019, data consumption reached 122 billion GB, up by 71.6% over last year. The annual average dataflow of usage (DOU) of mobile network amounted to 7.82GB/user/month, which was 1.69 times of that of last year. The DOU in December 2019 reached 8.59GB/user/month, maintaining at a high level. In 2019, the operators continued the construction of 4G base stations. According to the data published by MIIT, the total number of mobile base stations in China reached 8.41 million, 5.44 million of which were 4G base stations. With the launch of 5G commercial package, the data package subscribed by users continued to increase. Before the extensive coverage of 5G base stations, the increased package data is expected to exert pressure on 4G network, thereby urging operators to further improve 4G network. 2019 marked the first year of the 5G commercialization era. In June 2019, MIIT granted 5G commercial licenses to China Telecom, China Mobile, China Unicom and China Broadcasting Network. In September 2019, China Mobile took the lead in opening pre-subscription of 5G commercial package, followed by China Unicom and China Telecom. According to the data published by China Mobile, China Telecom and China Unicom, as of 9 October 2019, the numbers of users for 5G pre-subscription were approximately 5.92 million, 2 million and 2.08 million, respectively, or over 10 million in aggregate. In January 2020, China Telecom further announced that its 5G package users exceeded 8 million. Regarding the 5G package data and costs announced by the operators, the price of 5G commercial package of three major operators, namely China Mobile, China Telecom and China Unicom, ranges from RMB128 to RMB599 and data ranges from 30GB to 300GB, representing a significant increase as compared to 4G package data. On one hand, the high frequency used by 5G resulted in smaller coverage of a single base station, which needs the deployment of more base stations to achieve uninterrupted network coverage within a unit of an area. The base station build-out at new station sites is expected to generate incremental demand for optical fibres and cables. At the same time, the mass construction of 5G in China is expected to adopt the stand-alone standard, which is also beneficial to the development of optical fibre and cable industry. On the other hand, upon the popularization of 5G commercial package, data consumption from mobile phone users is expected to increase significantly, exerting pressure on the existing network bandwidth and facilitating network optimization. According to the statistics from the Ministry of Science and ICT in South Korea, six months after commercial use, the 5G DOU in South Korea reached 24GB per month in July 2019, representing a significant increase compared to 4G DOU in the corresponding period last year. According to the data published by MIIT in February 2020, as of the end of 2019, the number of 5G base stations in China has exceeded 130,000 and use scale has been expanding at one million new users per month. 35 types of 5G mobile phones in China have obtained the permission to have access to 5G network and the output of 5G mobile phones in the domestic market has shown a clear upward trend, reaching 13.77 million in 2019. Therefore, 5G development is fostering. In the long run, driven by continuous data increase, the launch of mass construction of 5G, consistent growth in the number of data terminals in the future and the acceleration of 1,000MB network broadband deployment, the optical fibre and cable market is expected to experience a new round of growth. In 2020, facing a growing overseas market, the Company will focus on internationalisation strategy. On one hand, the Company will continue to develop and strengthen overseas regional centers and strengthen the coordination of production, supply chain and sales of overseas subsidiaries within the Company and form a regional localized cooperative operation model. On the other hand, the Group will aim at markets with growth potential, explore and accelerate the overseas industrial layout. Apart from optical fibre and cable, the sales capability for all series products would be enhanced, together with the bidding and delivery abilities of mid to large projects. The Company would always manage patents and intellectual properties risks and ensure the implementation of strategic goals in overseas market. Despite the expected stable growth in the demand for optical fibre and cable overseas, as domestic suppliers successively implement internationalization, the overseas market is still expected to face intensified competition in 2020. Taking advantage of its brand, the Company will strengthen the development and manufacturing of customized products based on the needs of overseas customers to form differentiated competitiveness, thereby ensuring further implementation of internationalisation of the Company to continuously increase revenue of overseas businesses. In 2020, facing market opportunities in the optics telecom related businesses, the Company will gradually develop end to end product production and comprehensive solutions in various fields, such as overseas telecom network engineering project, smart city, construction of data centers and optical transceiver, based on customers’ demand and application scenarios. The Company will also strengthen its business through customer replication, products extension and business extension. The network engineering projects won by the Company in Peru progressed smoothly. Currently, this project has obtained environmental assessment reports for four areas while the civil engineering design for all thirty-two types of model sites of transmission network and access network has been completed. The Company has also completed the bidding for ten categories of communication equipment, successfully signed local construction contract, and received on-time prepayments from its customers. The Company achieved further breakthrough in its network engineering project in Philippines. Upon the successful delivery of relevant projects in 2019, the Company won the bid for the Cebu Island engineering project under the Converge project, through which it has become the only communication engineering service provider in the region. In 2020, aiming to enhance its capability to deliver network engineering project, the Company will continue to explore the local network construction demand of Philippines network operator and customers, and actively engage in China Telecom’s network construction and service projects in Philippines. In terms of optical transceiver market, the Company will conduct business expansion and planning by coupling organic growth with external expansion. As discussed above, the Company has established an optical transceiver product line and a technological team, and is qualified to engage in China Telecom’s central bidding for optical transceiver. In January 2020, the Company acquired 51% of equity interests in Sunstar Communication Technology Co. Ltd., with capital contribution amounting to approximately RMB150 million. Sunstar Communication Technology Co. Ltd. was established in 2001 and headquartered in the West High-tech Zone of Chengdu, Sichuan Province. Since its establishment, this company has been focusing on the design, development, manufacturing, sales and technical support services of optical sub-assembly (OSA), and the original equipment manufacturing (OEM) and customization services of optical transceiver. Its principal products consist of OSA and optical transceiver of the optical fibre communication system with short-to-medium reach. As of 31 December 2018, the audited total assets and total liabilities of Sunstar Communication Technology Co. Ltd. amounted to RMB390,251,491.07 and RMB127,781,230.39, respectively, while revenue and profit attributable to equity shareholders for 2018 reached RMB437,905,594.94 and RMB61,215,810.50, respectively. With the accelerating construction of big data centers and the commencement of massive rollout of 5G network, the optical transceiver market is expected to witness another round of growth in 2020. However, this market will not be without its challenges. On one hand, the communication equipment market is undergoing a rapid rate of evolution, which has posed severe challenges on the Company’s capability to research, develop and manufacture high speed optical transceiver. On the other hand, the concentrated nature of the market and customers’ high bargaining power, in particular telecom operator’s plan to directly conduct central bidding for optical transceiver, are expected to impose more pressure on product price, and hence subjecting optical transceiver manufacturers to immense challenges in terms of their production and operation management. On the basis of scientific planning, the Company will leverage its reasonable investment in strategic resources to focus on the development of optical transceiver business and other relevant diversified business, with a view to adding new drivers for sustainable development of the Company. To strengthen innovation, research and development to explore new Innovation is the foundation of establishing a company. In 2020, apart from a deep insight into the market and customer’s needs, the Company will consolidate and utilize its research and development resources and accelerate the development of new products such as optical fibres with ultra-low attenuation, high-end multi-mode optical fibres and 5G optical fibres, in order to further strengthen the competitiveness of leading products and grasp market opportunities. On the other hand, regarding industrial growth directions and drivers such as 5G, data center and industrial internet, the Company will continue to develop targeted products and solutions to seize more business opportunities. Furthermore, leveraging the State Key Laboratory and incubator platform for new businesses, the Company will explore and study the areas such as new materials to seek new business growth directions and drivers and consistently drive the sustainable growth of the Company. To continuously push forward intelligent manufacturing to improve Facing more complicated conditions, the Company will continue to push forward intelligent manufacturing to improve production efficiency and output quality, reduce raw material consumption and labour costs, thereby generating more profit potential for the Company. At the same time, through consistent organizational and talent optimization, the Company will improve its capability of internally operating platforms such as market insight, strategic planning, comprehensive budget management and operational performance management as well as enhancing capabilities of refined operation and responding to the conditions, so as to build up soft power for the Company’s sustainable development. 