One-off effect of toll adjustment in 2014 (Note) (Note) Increase/ (Decrease) (Note) Basic earnings per share (HK dollars) Note: Pursuant to the terms relating to the compensatory arrangements for future revenue and cost of the relevant road section as set out in the agreement entered into between the Group and the relevant government authorities in Shenzhen in January 2014 (the “Adjustment Agreement”) in relation to toll adjustment for a section with a mileage of 13.8 kilometres of Meiguan Expressway owned by the Group and the transfer of related assets, the Group recorded a one-off gain of approximately HK$1,926 million during the first half of 2014, which contributed approximately HK$730 million to the Group’s profit attributable to shareholders. The road section has also become a toll-free passage with effect from 1 April 2014. As the Adjustment Agreement had a material impact on the results of the Group for the first half of 2014, the board of directors of the Company is of the view that comparison with the adjusted operating results for the first half of 2014 excluding the aforesaid effect will provide the shareholders with a better understanding of the Group’s operating performance in the first half of 2015. During the first half of 2015, the slowdown in China’s economic growth continued and competition in the market intensified. The Group actively responded to the challenging economic and market conditions and it further enhanced profitability through enhancement of operating efficiency, network expansion and stringent cost control. During the six months ended 30 June 2015 (the “Period”), the Group’s operating profit and profit before finance costs and tax increased by 26%^ and 46%^ to HK$1,937 million and HK$2,444 million, respectively, as compared to those of the corresponding period of the previous year. Profit attributable to shareholders for the Period increased by 197%^ to HK$1,369 million as compared to that of the corresponding period of the previous year. For the first half of 2015, the average occupancy rate of the Group’s logistic parks maintained at a stable level of 94%. Benefitting from effective marketing and increased customer demand for value-added logistic services, coupled with effective enhancement of operating efficiency and stringent cost control, revenue of the Group’s logistic business increased by 41% to HK$776 million and profit attributable to shareholders increased by 6% to HK$135 million, as compared to the corresponding period of the previous year. In respect of the toll road business, most of the toll road projects of the Group reported stable growth in toll revenue and traffic volume during the Period. Nevertheless, toll revenue growth for certain toll road projects were affected by the diversion of road network. The entrusted construction management service projects, which reported considerable revenue and profit contribution in 2014, were specific projects by nature with related works completed and most revenue and profit recognised in 2014. As a result, the Group recorded a substantial decrease of approximately HK$448 million and HK$91.49 million respectively, in revenue and profit contributions from entrusted construction management services during the Period, as compared to the corresponding period of the previous year. Consequently, total revenue and net profit from the toll road business decreased by 20% and 12% to HK$2,154 million and HK$504 million respectively, as compared to the corresponding period of the previous year, resulting in a decrease in total revenue of the Group by 8%^ to HK$2,930 million, as compared to that of the corresponding period of the previous year. During the Period, Shenzhen Airlines Company Limited (“Shenzhen Airlines”), an associate in which the Group holds a 49% equity interest, benefitting from the steady growth in passenger transport volume, recorded a total revenue of RMB11,295 million (HK$14,082 million), representing an increase of 4% over the corresponding period of the previous year. The substantial decrease in aviation oil costs by approximately 30% during the Period as a result of the sharp reduction in aviation oil price has driven prominent growth in the net profit of Shenzhen Airlines. During the Period, Shenzhen Airlines contributed a profit of approximately HK$302 million to the Group (2014: loss of HK$27.08 million). During the first half of 2015, A share market in China was active, the Group grasped the opportunity to dispose of approximately 45.90 million A shares of CSG Holding Co., Ltd. (“CSG”) at an average selling price of RMB13.38 (HK$16.68) per share, realising a gain after tax of approximately HK$514 million (2014: Nil). The percentage change in year-on-year comparisons were based on the adjusted operating results for the first half of 2014 (i.e. excluding the one-off effect of toll adjustment and compensatory arrangements of Meiguan Expressway in accordance with the Adjustment Agreement). The Group entered into the land transfer agreements with Longhua Management Bureau under Urban Planning Land and Resources Commission of the Shenzhen Municipal ( ) in respect of the Meilin Checkpoint Urban Renewal Project by the end of June 2015 as scheduled, and paid the first instalment of 30% of the land premium of RMB1,070 million, thereby the Group successfully acquired the land use rights in the Meilin Checkpoint land parcels. The Meilin Checkpoint Urban Renewal Project is adjacent to the Futian District in downtown Shenzhen as a functional development area in the city centre and a key development zone of the city. It is situated at a geographically advantageous location with good investment value and appreciation potential. The Meilin Checkpoint land parcels have been re- designated as a comprehensive development project with a total gross floor area of approximately 486,000 square metres, comprising properties for residential, commercial, office, business apartments and public and ancillary uses, etc. In the second half of 2015, the Group will actively advance the relevant demolition work, strive to seize the opportunity of urban development, renewal and reconstruction and timely realise the commercial value of the Meilin Checkpoint land parcels. The acquisition of the Meilin Checkpoint land parcels will create higher economic value for the land owned by the Group, and thereby contribute towards the improvement of the Group’s overall corporate performance and shareholders’ returns. The Group owns various well-equipped logistic parks in major cities of China, including Shenzhen, Nanjing and Yantai. The Group has also signed investment agreements in relation to the “China Urban Integrated Logistics Hub” projects which spread across 10 major logistic gateway cities, including Shenyang, Wuxi, Wuhan, Tianjin, Shijiazhuang, Changsha, Nanchang, Hefei, Ningbo and Hangzhou. The aggregate site area of the above projects is 4.44 million square metres (1.81 million square metres of which are currently owned by the Group). The operating area of the logistic parks is 0.67 million square metres, while the site area of the “China Urban Integrated Logistics Hub” projects currently under construction is 0.24 million square metres. The Group’s port business comprises five bulk cargo terminals at Nanjing Xiba Port, with capacity between 50,000 to 70,000 tonnage. Phase 1 of Nanjing Xiba Port has two 70,000-tonnage general bulk cargo terminal berths and a 400,000-square metre depot. It has the capability of providing a wide range of services, such as loading and unloading, lightering, train loading and automobile loading, and with a planned annual throughput of 8 million tonnage and a storage capacity of over 1 million tonnage. The construction work of a 50,000-tonne general bulk cargo terminal and two 70,000-tonne general bulk cargo terminals for Phase 2 of Nanjing Xiba port were completed at the end of 2014. After completion of Phase 2 of the project, the planned annual throughput of Nanjing Xiba Port will be over 25 million tonnage. The Group is committed to improving the operational and management efficiency of its existing businesses and has strived to expand and develop the logistic business. The Group continued its effort to retain existing customers and focused on marketing activities as well as stepped up the transformation and upgrades of existing logistic parks. The Group also endeavoured to enhance its quality of services and explored the markets in a proactive manner. During the Period, the logistic parks of the Group reported stable performance with an average occupancy rate of 94%. The results of the logistic park business are in line with expectations, benefitting from effective marketing strategies and increased customer demand for value-added logistic services coupled with effective enhancement of operating efficiency and stringent cost control. While retaining its traditional logistic business, South China Logistic Park has been seeking integration with other industries to facilitate synergistic development. “Longhua Luxury Cars Mall ( )” and “The Outlets-8th (8 )” have successively moved into the park and commenced operation in May 2014 and early 2015, respectively. These two projects are operating well and provide a strong foundation for the transformation and upgrade of the logistic park. Leveraging the geographic advantage of its close proximity to Hong Kong and its robust export and import businesses, Shenzhen has become China’s most dynamic city in cross-border e-commerce. Following the nomination of South China Logistic Park and Western Logistic Park as pilot enterprises for the cross-border e-commerce export and import programme of Shenzhen in 2014, Western Logistic Park was granted as a “National Exemplary e-Commerce Base” by the Ministry of Commerce in June 2015. As the only exemplary base of China focusing on cross-border e-commerce, laying a solid foundation for the Group’s development in e-commerce logistics. The Group has been focusing on “China Urban Integrated Logistics Hub”, which engages in inter-city highway transport logistic centres with full-spectrum functions including warehousing, transfer, distribution, e-commerce, trade exhibition and logistic information centre and provide commercial and financing value-added services. As a logistic information platform established on the basis of logistic infrastructure facilities, it delivers highly efficient, multi-functional and onestop services platform to customers and business partners as well as providing quality and efficient services to numerous logistic companies, producers and manufacturers, and laying a solid foundation for the Group’s sustainable development. During the first half of 2015, the Group entered into various investment agreements in respect of “China Urban Integrated Logistics Hub” projects with relevant government authorities of Hefei, Ningbo and Hangzhou, respectively. These projects will further bolster the Group’s network development in Eastern China. While continuing with the development of new projects, the Group was also steadily driving the construction and planning of the “China Urban Integrated Logistics Hub” projects so as to ensure progress is in line with schedule and to actively prepare for the commencement of marketing activities. The construction work for Phase 1 of the “Shenzhen International Shenyang Integrated Logistic Hub” project with a site area of 240,000 square metres was progressing as scheduled and close to completion, and is expected to put into operation by the end of 2015. The “China Urban Integrated Logistics Hub” projects in Wuxi, Wuhan and Shijiazhuang are expected to enter into construction stage in the third and fourth quarter of 2015 and commence operation in 2016. It is expected that the Group will acquire land use rights for project sites in Nanchang, Changsha, Shijiazhuang and Guiyang in the second half of 2015 and construction work for the relevant projects will commence. Details of the “China Urban Integrated Logistics Hub” projects as at the date of this report are listed below: (Square Metres) Hangzhou Da Jiangdong Industrial Cluster, For the first half of 2015, despite the challenging economic and business conditions, Nanjing Xiba Port reported stable growth in business volume and profit by retaining existing major customers and effective market expansion. During the Period, a total of 125 vessels berthed at Nanjing Xiba Port and the total throughput of Nanjing Xiba Port reached 7.70 million tonnes, maintaining at a similar level to that of the corresponding period of 2014. Completion of the construction of three new general bulk cargo terminal berths of Phase 2 of Nanjing Xiba Port took place in late 2014, comprising a berth with a 50,000-tonnage capacity and two berths each with a 70,000-tonnage capacity. The new berths started trial operation in April 2015 and commenced loading and lightering operations. With the commencement of operation of Phase 2, Nanjing Xiba Port will become one of the largest and most influential general bulk cargo terminals along the middle and lower reaches of Yangtze River, and its overall handling capacity and efficiency will further enhance in a steady manner. In the second half of 2015, the Group will actively procure land acquisition for and construction of the land depots of the terminals. Relying on its existing logistic infrastructure facilities, the Group has gradually transformed from traditional logistic business and actively explored supply chain management, value chain integration and modern value-added logistic services by fully utilising its competitive advantages in resources and capital. During the Period, by providing a wide range of value-added logistic services, proactive marketing, cost control measures and efforts to enhance operating efficiency, the Group’s logistic service business has continued to achieve satisfactory results. The Group has strengthened its focus on innovation, service enhancement and customer relationships in order to enhance profitability and competitiveness of the logistic service business. During the Period, revenue from the logistic business increased by 41% to HK$776 million (2014: HK$552 million) as compared to the corresponding period of the previous year and it was mainly attributable to the increased customer demand for value-added logistic services. Profit attributable to shareholders increased by 6% to HK$135 million (2014: HK$128 million) as compared to the corresponding period of the previous year. Increase/ (Decrease) SZ Airport Express Center* SZ Airport Express Center is a joint venture and is accounted for using the equity accounting method. During the Period, the average occupancy rate of the Group’s logistic parks remained stable, as a result of the active efforts to expand value-added services, revenue and profit from the logistic park business amounted to HK$319 million and HK$99.45 million, representing an increase of 13% and 3% respectively as compared to the corresponding period of the previous year. The port business recorded a revenue of HK$96.02 million during the Period, up 13% as compared to the corresponding period of the previous year, and a profit of approximately HK$22.78 million, representing an increase of 19% as compared to the corresponding period of the previous year. The growth was attributable to continuous efforts to retain existing major customers, effective marketing initiatives and cost control measures of Nanjing Xiba Port. The logistic service business recorded a revenue of HK$362 million for the Period, representing an increase of 96% as compared to the corresponding period of the previous year. This was primarily attributable to effective marketing and increased demand from customers for value-added services. Profit attributable to shareholders amounted to HK$12.50 million, representing an increase of 8% as compared to the corresponding period of the previous year. Land area: Gross floor area: Operating area: Land area: Gross floor area: Operating area: Land area: Gross floor area: Operating area: Land area: Gross floor area: Operating area: Land area: Gross floor area: Operating area: Land area: Operating area: Land area: Gross floor area: Operating area: Located in Shenyang International Logistic Park in Yuhong Land area for the first phase: Land area for the first phase: Land area: “China Urban Integrated Logistics Hub” projects with investment The Group’s toll road operations span across the Shenzhen region, other regions in Guangdong Province and other provinces in China. The Group holds or controls a total of 17 expressway projects with total mileage of toll roads by toll amounting to approximately 165 kilometres, 268 kilometres and 92 kilometres in the Shenzhen region, other regions in Guangdong Province and other provinces in China, respectively as at the date of this report. The Group operates the toll road business mainly through Shenzhen Expressway Company Limited (“Shenzhen Expressway”), in which the Group holds a 50.889% equity interest. Shenzhen Expressway’s H shares and A shares are listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange and the Shanghai Stock Exchange, respectively. In addition, the Group directly holds a 89.93% equity interest in Longda Expressway and a 45% equity interest in Wuhuang Expressway (with the remaining 55% equity interest owned by Shenzhen Expressway). The operating performance of the Group’s toll roads during the Period were as follows: traffic Volume (Note 2) toll roads (Note 1) km) of 2015 (Vehicle/ thousands) Increase/ (Decrease) period of 2014 of 2015 Increase/ (Decrease) period of 2014 Shenzhen region: Meiguan Expressway (Note 3) Yanba Expressway (Note 4) Section A: 2001.04–2026.04 Section B: 2003.06–2028.07 Section C: 2010.03–2035.03 Guangdong Province: other provinces in China: Notes: All projects have implemented the toll-by-weight policy except for Changsha Ring Road. Average daily traffic volume excludes traffic volume which is toll-free during holidays. Meilin to Guanlan section of Meiguan Expressway with a mileage of approximately 13.8 km has become toll-free from 1 April 2014, but the toll of Shenzhen-Dongguan border to Guanlan section of Meiguan Expressway with a mileage of 5.4 km remains unchanged. As there is a substantial change in toll mileage, the year-on-year change is not provided. To facilitate travel by Shenzhen residents to the east coast for leisure and vacation, the government has made collective payment to Shenzhen Expressway for all vehicles travelling to and from the Yantian and Dameisha ramp based on the agreed standards and methods since February 2007. The agreed toll paid by the government during 2013 to 2017 is RMB19 million per annum, and is recorded as Yanba Expressway’s toll revenue on a monthly basis. The arrangement beyond 2017 will be negotiated and agreed upon by both parties before the expiry of the agreement. During the Period, the operating performance of the expressway projects of the Group were affected in varying degrees by changes in surrounding road network, the level of economic activity along the routes, as well as the conditions of each individual project. In particular: both the traffic capacity and efficiency of Jihe Expressway and Meiguan Expressway have been enhanced after the completion of maintenance and resurfacing works of Jihe Expressway and reconstruction and expansion works of Meiguan Expressway in recent years. Since the implementation of toll adjustment in relation to Meiguan Expressway with effect from 1 April 2014, there had been rapid growth in traffic volume of its toll free section, which had boosted the operating performance of the remaining toll section held by the Group and of Jihe Expressway (which connects to Meiguan Expressway); benefitting from the rapid development of Longhua New Area and Guangming New Area, Longda Expressway recorded satisfactory growth in traffic volume during the Period. However, as affected by the concessionary application of a lower-tier toll rate for empty trucks under the toll-by-weight policy, toll revenue of Longda Expressway for the Period slightly decreased as compared to the corresponding period of the previous year; a significant amount of truck traffic on Yanpai Expressway had been diverted to Yantian’ao Tunnel in Shenzhen since the tunnel became a toll-free passage on 1 February 2015, resulting in a negative impact on the operating Guangle Expressway (Guangzhou to Lechang) and Erguang Expressway (Lianzhou to Huaiji section in Guangdong) became operational in late September and late December 2014, respectively. As the routes of these expressways are located near Qinglian Expressway, diversion effect had been created in respect of Qinglian Expressway to a certain extent. Nevertheless, the conversion and expansion works of Guangqing Expressway (Guangzhou to Qingyuan in Guangdong, which connects to the southern end of Qinglian Expressway) and the construction works of the connecting lanes between Guangqing Expressway and Qinglian Expressway are scheduled for completion in late 2016 and late 2017, respectively. Such project works, when completed, are expected to improve the traffic efficiency of the entire passage to bring into full play its function as the artery of Hunan-Guangdong traffic major passage, thereby enhancing the competitiveness and operating performance of Qinglian Expressway. Most of the Group’s toll road projects reported stable growth in toll revenue and traffic volume for the Period. Nevertheless, as a result of the toll adjustment of Meiguan Expressway with effect from April 2014 and the rather substantial impact of road network diversion on certain toll road projects, the Group’s toll revenue for the Period decreased by 5% to HK$2,097 million (2014: HK$2,202 million). The entrusted construction management service projects, which reported considerable revenue and profit contribution in 2014, were specific projects by nature with related works completed and most revenue and profit recognised in 2014. As a result, the Group recorded a substantial decrease of approximately HK$448 million and HK$91.49 million respectively, in revenue and profit contributions from entrusted construction management services during the Period, as compared to the corresponding period of the previous year. Consequently, total revenue of the Group’s toll road business for the Period decreased by 20% to HK$2,154 million (2014: HK$2,706 million), profit before finance costs and tax decreased by 15% to HK$1,271 million (2014: HK$1,490 million) and net profit decreased by 12% to HK$504 million (2014: HK$570 million), respectively, as compared to the corresponding period of the previous year. The management period for an entrusted construction management service project is normally over three years, during which relevant revenues and costs recognised for various years might be subject to significant fluctuations according to changes in a number of factors including project scale, progress of completion for the period, outcome of government audit and progress of settlement of project works, etc. Wuhuang Expressway* Affected by the concessionary application of a lower-tier toll rate for empty trucks under the toll-by-weight policy since late June 2014, there was a notable decline in toll revenue from Class 3 and Class 5 vehicles as compared with the corresponding period of the previous year, offsetting the positive effect of the increased traffic volume on toll revenue and resulting in a slight decrease in toll revenue of Longda Expressway for the Period, as compared with the corresponding period of the previous year. Class 1 Class 2 Class 3 Class 4 Class 5 Toll revenue of Wuhuang Expressway for the Period decreased as compared with the corresponding period of the previous year as it was continuously affected by the diversion effect brought by the opening of the parallel Han’e Expressway (Wuhan to Ezhou), as well as the implementation of traffic control measures to facilitate the commencement of conversion works at the eastern section of Wuhan Third Ring Road (which connects Wuhuang Expressway). Wuhuang Expressway will conduct further research on road network data to commence corresponding and target-specific marketing work. Class 1 Class 2 Class 3 Class 4 Class 5 During the Period, Shenzhen Expressway recorded a toll revenue of HK$1,601 million (2014: HK$1,691 million), representing a decrease of 5% as compared to the corresponding period of the previous year. It was mainly attributable to the toll adjustment of Meiguan Expressway with effect from April 2014 and the impact on toll revenue for certain toll road projects such as Qinglian Expressway and Yanpai Expressway as a result of road network diversion. In addition, revenue from entrusted construction management services for the Period decreased significantly by approximately HK$448 million. As a result, total revenue of Shenzhen Expressway decreased by 24% to HK$1,658 million (2014: HK$2,195 million) as compared to the corresponding period of the previous year; profit before finance costs and tax amounted to HK$997 million (2014: HK$1,197 million), representing a decrease of 17% as compared to the corresponding period of the previous year. The Group’s share of profit from Shenzhen Expressway amounted to HK$348 million (2014: HK$405 million), representing a decrease of 14% as compared to the corresponding period of the previous year. The passenger transport volume of Shenzhen Airlines continued to grow during the Period, as it reported passenger traffic of 18,751 million passenger-km (2014: 16,654 million passenger-km) and its airlines carried 12.24 million passenger rides (2014: 10.99 million passenger rides), representing an increase of 12% and 11% respectively as compared with the corresponding period of the previous year. Despite the decline in average airfares of Shenzhen Airlines by 6% as compared with the corresponding period of the previous year as a result of the substantial reduction in fuel surcharges, total revenue of Shenzhen Airlines for the Period recorded a year-on-year increase of 4% to RMB11,295 million (HK$14,082 million) (2014: RMB10,812 million (HK$13,566 million)), of which passenger revenue increased by 4% to RMB9,657 million (2014: RMB9,256 million). Moreover, as a result of the substantial decrease in aviation oil costs by approximately 30% as compared to the corresponding period in 2014 owing to significantly lower aviation oil price during the Period, coupled with the year-on- year decrease in foreign exchange loss for Shenzhen Airlines given stable Renminbi exchange rate during the Period, Shenzhen Airlines recorded a net profit of RMB560 million (HK$698 million) (2014: RMB9.91 million (HK$12.43 million)), representing a considerable increase over the corresponding period of the previous year. During the Period, Shenzhen Airlines contributed a profit of approximately HK$302 million to the Group (2014: loss of HK$27.08 million). As at 30 June 2015, Shenzhen Airlines operated a total of 159 passenger aircraft. As at the date of this report, Shenzhen Airlines operates 185 domestic and international routes, of which 167 are domestic routes, 12 are international routes and 6 serve the Hong Kong, Macau and Taiwan regions. Looking to the second half of 2015, Shenzhen Airlines will capture opportunities presented by the implementation of national development strategies including “One Belt, One Road”, as well as the development of the outbound tourism market. It will further optimise its air route network and introduce new international routes, which will drive the healthy business development of Shenzhen Airlines. According to the Group’s business development, capital needs and internal resource coordination, coupled with capital market conditions, the Group adjusts the volume of the shares of CSG to be disposed of as and when necessary and appropriate so as to maximise the profits of the Company and its shareholders. During the Period, the Group disposed of 45.90 million A shares of CSG at an average selling price of RMB13.38 (HK$16.68) per share and realised a gain after tax of approximately HK$514 million (2014: Nil). As at the date of this report, the Group beneficially owned a total of 70 million A shares of CSG, representing approximately 3.37% in the total issued share capital of CSG. Increase/ (Decrease) Net Asset Value per share attributable to shareholders (HK dollar) Debt-asset Ratio (Total Liabilities/Total Assets) As at 30 June 2015, the net asset value attributable to shareholders increased by 3% to HK$18,280 million, while the net asset value per share amounted to HK$9.6, representing an increase of 2% as compared to that at the end of last year. The debt-asset ratio remained at 44%, reflecting that the Group maintained a healthy and stable financial position. During the Period, the Group maintained stable growth in its ability to generate cash flow from operations. Net cash inflow generated from operating activities recorded a year-on-year increase of 7% to HK$1,304 million; net cash outflow from investing activities amounted to HK$1,765 million, with net cash outflow from financing activities amounting to HK$88.40 million. The Group’s core businesses continued to generate stable cash inflow, while the Group closely monitored changes in total borrowings to ensure a healthy level of financial ratios was maintained. As at 30 June 2015, the Group’s ratio of total borrowings to total equity and the ratio of net borrowings to total equity were 61% and 36%, respectively. As at 30 June 2015, the cash balance held by the Group amounted to HK$6,831 million (31 December 2014: HK$7,635 million), representing a reduction of approximately HK$800 million as compared to that at the end of last year. During the Period, the Group paid income tax relating to gains on disposal of Meiguan Expressway’s toll free section related assets in 2014 which amounted to approximately RMB424 million, as well as the first payment of 30% of the land premium for the land parcels of the Meilin Checkpoint Urban Renewal Project which amounted to RMB1,070 million, and the aggregate amount was approximately RMB1,494 million (approximately HK$1,867 million). Of the cash held by the Group, almost all was denominated in Renminbi. The Group currently has sufficient cash on hand and adequate standby banking facilities to support its sustainable business development, in particular the “China Urban Integrated Logistics Hub” projects. During the Period, the Group’s capital expenditures amounted to HK$1,750 million (RMB1,400 million), of which RMB1,070 million was utilised for the payment of 30% of the land premium for the land parcels of the Meilin Checkpoint Urban Renewal Project, RMB167 million was utilised for the construction work and land acquisition in respect of the China Urban Integrated Logistics Hub, RMB80 million was utilised for paying the construction of Phase 2 of Nanjing Xiba Port and approximately RMB67 million was utilised for paying balances of construction costs of Nanguang Expressway. The Group expects the capital expenditures for the second half of 2015 to be approximately HK$2,600 million (RMB2,040 million). Total Borrowings – Total Borrowings – Analysis of Floating rate/ As at 30 June 2015, the Group’s total borrowings amounted to HK$16,482 million, representing an increase of 5% as compared with that at the end of last year. The ratio of borrowings with repayment within one year to the Group’s total borrowings increased by 4 percentage points, as the Group utilised revolving banking facilities to enhance its working capital at an opportune timing. The Group will further optimise its financial structure, lower overall capital costs and maintain a satisfactory credit standing. Save for those revised content as set out below, the Group’s financial policy remains consistent with those as disclosed in the 2014 Annual Report, details of which are set out in the 2014 Financial Statements. Operating cash flows, cash on hand and assets for businesses operated by the Group are primarily denominated in Renminbi, whereas borrowings are mainly denominated in Renminbi, Hong Kong dollars and US dollars. The Group strives to reduce the impact of exchange rate fluctuations on its overall financial performance and mitigate its financial risks. During the Period, the RMB exchange rate was generally stable and did not have any major impact on the exchange gain or loss of the Group. The management of the Group has been closely monitoring the fluctuations and movements of Renminbi exchange rate during the Period and has implemented various management measures to address the impact of RMB exchange rate fluctuations. The Group currently has cash on hand and standby banking facilities of approximately HK$33,800 million. The Group has signed agreements with major banks in Hong Kong and the PRC in order to secure debt financing for the Group. The Group regularly monitors cash flow forecast on a dynamic basis and makes appropriate financing arrangements to ensure its ability to continue its business operation and to expand its businesses, thereby enhancing shareholders’ value. During the Period, three major international credit rating agencies, Standard & Poor’s, Moody’s and Fitch Ratings, continued to assign investment grade credit ratings of BBB, Baa3 and BBB respectively to the Company. Standard & Poor’s and Moody’s have both revised the Company’s rating outlook from “Stable” to “Positive,” reflecting recognition of the Group’s high quality assets, stable financial position, adequate cash flow and strong credit standing. The recognition from these three credit rating agencies shall facilitate the Group in further expanding its financing channels so as to optimise its capital structure and reduce its financing costs. For details of the Group’s pledge of assets, guarantees and contingent liabilities as at 30 June 2015, please refer to notes 16 and 26 respectively of the interim condensed consolidated financial information. oUtlooK FoR tHE SECoND HAlF oF 2015 Looking to the second half of 2015, the business environment is expected to be more complicated, as uncertainties will persist in the global economy while economic growth in China will remain subject to the pressure of a downturn. Nevertheless, the wide range of new policies launched by the PRC government, including the “One Belt, One Road”, “Free Trade Zone Development” and the “Internet Plus” strategies are set to drive the long-term growth of the Chinese economy, and should create enormous opportunities and growth potential for the Group’s business development. Emboldened by the macro-economic policies described above, the Group endeavours to continue to expand its scale of operations and increase its efforts in development in a vigorous move to advance investments in logistic businesses in major cities in the PRC according to prescribed strategies. The Group will accelerate the investment in and construction of the “China Urban Integrated Logistics Hub” projects, as well as making vigorous efforts to drive upgrades and improvements at its existing logistic parks. In the second half of 2015, the key tasks of the Group will include endeavours to invest in Zhengzhou, Guiyang, Chongqing, Chengdu, Guangzhou, Xi’an and Yantai for the “China Urban Integrated Logistics Hub” projects, and to acquire land use rights for the Liguang land parcels in Longhua New Area in Shenzhen and commence preparatory work for project construction. The Liguang land parcels will be developed into a logistic park with a gross floor area of 250,000 square metres to serve as a local node in Shenzhen of the “China Urban Integrated Logistics Hub”, which is expected to further consolidate our market share in the logistics market of Shenzhen. In the meantime, the Group is actively liaising with relevant government authorities to drive the execution of a framework agreement in relation to the land consolidation and preparation ( ) of the Qianhai project, striving to commence development of “Shenzhen International Qianhai Intelligent Hub” as a start-up project in the second half of the year. The rapid growth of cross-border e-commerce will present opportunities as well as challenges to the Group. In June 2015, the “Qianhai (Global) Cross-border e-Commerce Industry Park” ( ( ) ) planned by the Group was granted the status of a “National Exemplary e-Commerce Base” by the Ministry of Commerce. With this advantage, the Group will be engaged in active development of a smart cross-border e-commerce industry park, based on the logistic park and supported by modern logistic services, which will offer ancillary e-commerce and supply-chain management services in a safe, efficient, low-carbon and environmentally-friendly setting and thereby facilitating the ongoing development of the Group with a new driving force. Moreover, the Group will actively identify suitable opportunities in Hong Kong for development and acquisition to link up its logistic business in the PRC and Hong Kong. The Group will continue to monitor closely any changes in toll road policies, conduct in-depth researches on changes in road network and vehicle flows, adopt target-specific promotion and marketing strategies for its road network and pursue active development of new entrusted construction business, in a bid to enhance the operating performance of its toll road business. The Group will seek to achieve long-term business development and sustainable growth by seizing opportunities in an active approach to keep pace with market developments, while seeking to enhance its operating efficiency, expand its network coverage and identify suitable targets for acquisition through diligent implementation of its development strategies. The Group always considers talents as important resources for enterprises and considers the strategy for the management of human resources an integrated component of its business strategy. The Group puts a strong emphasis on the recruitment and nurturing of talents. During the first half of 2015, the Group continued to recruit management personnel and professionals in the logistics sector based on its development strategies and business development requirements, in a bid to strengthen its management and professional teams and optimise its staff mix. The Group also places a strong emphasis on the training and appointment of internal staff, whereby crucial employees who deliver outstanding performance at work and show potential for development are promoted to key positions of the Group. As of 30 June 2015, the Group had a total of 4,991 staff members (2014: 5,035 staff members). The Group places a strong emphasis on staff training, and encourages staff to enhance their abilities through continuous training, so as to build a high-calibre team of management personnel and professionals compatible with the Group’s business development. The Group has established a comprehensive remuneration incentive scheme and performance appraisal regime, under which staff remuneration is determined according to position values, capabilities and work performance taking into account of market trends. Performance of employees is assessed in an appropriate manner and the appraisal results are linked with their remuneration and promotion. In addition, to facilitate its long-term development, the Group has developed a long- term incentive regime with the implementation of the share option scheme, under which share options are granted to its management, its subsidiaries’ senior management and certain key staff members, with a view to enhancing staff motivation and retaining the right talents. 