Since the announcement of the “Opinions of the CPC Central Committee and the State Council on Deepening the Healthcare System Reform” ( ) in 2009, the government of the People’s Republic of China (the “PRC” or “China”) has launched a series of policies to support the establishment of a basic medical and healthcare system covering both urban and rural citizens by 2020. In addition, the Ministry of Health of the PRC ( ) issued the “Strategic Research Report for Health China 2020” ( 2020 ) which states that seven major healthcare projects totaling up to RMB400 billion will be implemented by 2020, of which RMB10.9 billion will be used for the development of county-level hospitals and increasing the investment in infrastructures, medical service capabilities and the quality management of hospitals, and it is expected that county-level hospitals will become the major growth focus of the healthcare infrastructure market. With deepening development of these healthcare reforms, it is expected that the demand for medical devices will increase substantially, implying huge market potential in the medical device industry. The orthopedic implant market is a segment of the medical device market. The inclusion of medical device products in medical care insurance coverage under the PRC healthcare reform has increased the demand and acceptance for orthopedic implants. In addition, various favorable factors such as aging population, continuous growth in healthcare expenditure and improvements in public healthcare infrastructure have also propelled the growth of the orthopedic implant industry in the PRC. Due to the wide range of products, the medical device market in the PRC is highly fragmented and most of the manufacturers are small in scale. However, since the orthopedic implant industry has high entry barriers, such as strict regulatory measures on quality control and licensing, high-level of production technology and stringent production process, it is relatively concentrated. The orthopedic implant market is generally divided into four major segments, namely trauma, spine, joint and others. In particular, the joint implant market is highly concentrated with multinational corporations currently dominating the market segment. Yet, with the advancement of the PRC healthcare reform and governmental support to Chinese companies through favourable policies, the Chinese companies with a leading position in the joint implant market are expected to increase their market share by upgrading their product offerings and enhancing their research and development capabilities. We are a well-established orthopedic medical device company in China, focusing on the research and development, production and sales of implantable orthopedic medical devices which include joint prosthesis products and spinal products. Our Group’s revenue was mainly derived from our sales to distributors in both China and overseas, whereas remaining revenue was derived from other sales channels including sales to ODM and OEM customers overseas and direct sales to hospitals in China. For the six months ended 30 June 2015, we recorded a revenue of RMB93.4 million, representing an increase of 43.7% as compared to the corresponding period of last year (corresponding period in 2014: RMB65.0 million). The gross profit was RMB68.5 million, representing an increase of 43.3% as compared to the corresponding period of last year (corresponding period in 2014: RMB47.8 million). The profit attributable to the equity holders of the Company was RMB26.6 million, representing an increase of 35.7% as compared to the corresponding period of last year (corresponding period in 2014: RMB19.6 million). Basic earnings per share was RMB0.45, representing a year-on-year increase of 15.4% (corresponding period in 2014: RMB0.39). Being one of the first domestic enterprises to engage in research and development and manufacturing of joint prosthesis products in China, we have established a broad portfolio of joint prosthesis products and spinal products. Our joint prosthesis products cover four major joints (namely, hip, knee, shoulder and elbow) and our spinal products comprise a full product portfolio of the spinal fixation systems, including fixation systems in anterior and posterior cervical, thoracic, and lumbar vertebrae. In addition, our Company offer two types of joint prosthesis products – standard joint prosthesis products and custom joint prosthesis products. The standard joint prosthesis products mainly include hip joint prostheses products and knee joint prostheses products, while the custom joint prosthesis products are divided into two categories, namely conventional custom joint prosthesis products and custom (modular) joint prosthesis products. The custom joint prosthesis products are applicable to the four major joints, and are specifically designed and produced to cater for the needs of patients. As the best abrasive medium for hip joint, ceramics have various advantages, including low abrasion rate, high sustainability of its prosthesis inside human body, no releasing of metallic ions, and it is widely used in related field. The Group is the first approved enterprise for Biolox delta ceramic hip joint prosthesis products in the PRC. Ceramic hip joint prosthesis products generated strong market response when they were launched in May 2015. Within the first three days after launching, more than 40 units of the Group’s ceramic hip joint prosthesis products were used by more than 30 hospitals across the country. With the re-tendering and registration of ceramic hip joint prosthesis products as new products in various provinces, municipalities and districts, their sales and usage will gradually increase. In addition, the Group officially cooperate with joint experts from Europe this year and promote the technology of hip joint anterior approach which is a minimal invasive surgery in mainland China. As a new surgical technology, minimally invasive hip joint has various benefits such as small incision, reduced damage to muscle tissues, faster recovery and less blood loss and is widely used in Europe and the USA. However, its application is still limited in the PRC due to restrictions such as lack of training, promotion, supporting equipment and facilities. Targeting at this new technology and market, the Group has imported a complete set of advanced traction bed, researched and developed a complete set of equipment, and invited experts from Europe to come to China to provide training and promotion for this technology. It is expected that this will provide important driving force for the sales of the Company’s products and the promotion of our brand image. Meanwhile, we continue to develop our new products including interbody fusion cage using polyether ether ketone (PEEK) material, spinal titanium cage fixation system, vertebral extension sacculus catheter, trabecular hip joint prosthesis products and vertebral fixation system, all of which the clinical trials or trial testings have already commenced. We are also developing a new custom joint prosthesis product called advanced customised joint prosthesis which is an advanced model of our conventional custom joint prosthesis products with the use of advanced technologies such as 3D reconstruction on the basis of the Chinese skeleton database that we established through our cooperation with several hospitals in China. According to the domestic joint products registration index ( ) of the China Food and Drug Administration, we are one of the domestic enterprises that hold the most comprehensive medical device registration certificates for joint prosthesis products in China in terms of number and types of certificates. As at 30 June 2015, we held 10 medical device registration certificates in China for the production of medical devices which cover joint prosthesis products for the four major joints and spinal products, all of which are Class III medical device registration certificates. The Group’s original 5 Class I medical device registration certificates were revised to Class I products filing certificates in accordance with the revised Regulation on the Supervision and Administration of Medical Devices ( ), thus they are not included in this category. As China adopts a strict product registration system for medical devices manufacturers, enterprises with complete product registrations are more competitive in the market. We are a state-level high and new technology enterprise ( ) and are dedicated to the development of innovative products and continuous improvement of its research and development capability. As at 30 June 2015, we possessed a total of 29 registered patents, including 9 invention patents and 20 utility patents, and has also submitted applications for 22 invention patents. Currently, we have built an extensive distribution network covering all provinces, municipalities and autonomous regions in China (excluding Hong Kong, Macau and Taiwan), and our sales network has covered numerous hospitals located in theses regions through our distributors. Most of our products are sold in China and some are exported to other countries in Asia, South America, Africa, Oceania and Europe under the brand name of “Chunli” ( ). We mainly sell our products through distributors, or on ODM and OEM bases. As at 30 June 2015, we had established stable relationship with approximately 490 distributors, and had not placed reliance on any single distributor. Currently, the Company has two production plants for the production of our joint prosthesis products and spinal products in Tongzhou, Beijing. In March 2014, the Company commenced the construction of new production facilities in Daxing, Beijing, which we acquired in September 2012, to expand our production capacity of standard joint prosthesis products and spinal products, to develop and commercialize advanced customized joint prosthesis products and to construct a research and development center and a sales and marketing center. Our revenue increased by 43.7% from approximately RMB65.0 million for the six months ended 30 June 2014 to approximately RMB93.4 million for the six months ended 30 June 2015. The increase in revenue was mainly attributable to the launching of ceramic hip joint prosthesis products and the expansion of sales network. The revenue of major products for the six months ended 30 June 2015 and the six months ended 30 June 2014 is as follows: For the six months For the six months ended 30 June corresponding Our gross profit increased by 43.3% from approximately RMB47.8 million for the six months ended 30 June 2014 to approximately RMB68.5 million for the six months ended 30 June 2015. Gross profit margin slightly decreased from 73.5% for the six months ended 30 June 2014 to 73.3% for the six months ended 30 June 2015. Our selling expenses increased by 91.7% from approximately RMB10.8 million for the six months ended 30 June 2014 to approximately RMB20.7 million for the six months ended 30 June 2015. The increase in selling expenses was mainly attributable to the increase in staff costs and the increase in expenditure in market development and product promotion as a result of business expansion. Our administrative expenses increased by 35.9% from approximately RMB13.1 million for the six months ended 30 June 2014 to approximately RMB17.8 million for the six months ended 30 June 2015, which was mainly attributable to the increase in staff costs, the increase in our expenditure in research and development and the increase in listing expenses. Our impairment loss of assets increased by 18.2% from approximately RMB1.1 million for the six months ended 30 June 2014 to approximately RMB1.3 million for the six months ended 30 June 2015. As there was an increase in accounts receivable, according to the impairment policy of the Company, the impairment also increased when calculating the impairment loss of accounts receivable. Our non-operating income increased by 33.3% from approximately RMB0.3 million for the six months ended 30 June 2014 to approximately RMB0.4 million for the six months ended 30 June 2015, which was mainly attributable to the increase in the government grants received by us. The significant increase in our non-operating expenses from approximately RMB5,000 for the six months ended 30 June 2014 to approximately RMB0.9 million for the six months ended 30 June 2015 was mainly attributable to the increase in our donation to The Community Chest of Hong Kong. Our income tax expenses increased by 35.5% from approximately RMB3.1 million for the six months ended 30 June 2014 to approximately RMB4.2 million for the six months ended 30 June 2015 and the effective tax rate remained stable at 13.6% as compared to the corresponding period of last year. Our net profit for the period increased by 35.7% from approximately RMB19.6 million for the six months ended 30 June 2014 to approximately RMB26.6 million for the six months ended 30 June 2015. The increase in net profit was mainly attributable to the increase in our revenue. Our cash and bank deposits balances increased by 249.5% from approximately RMB63.6 million as of 31 December 2014 to approximately RMB222.3 million as of 30 June 2015. There were no bank borrowings for the six months ended 30 June 2015. Our sources of fund are mainly from the cash generated from our operations and the issue of H shares. The board of directors (the “Board“) is of the opinion that we have sufficient resources to support our operations and meet our foreseeable capital expenditures. Our inventory increased by 22.0% from approximately RMB35.5 million as of 31 December 2014 to approximately RMB43.3 million as of 30 June 2015. The increase in inventory was mainly attributable to our business expansion and the growth in market demand. Our fixed assets and construction in progress increased by 18.5% from approximately RMB40.5 million as of 31 December 2014 to approximately RMB48.0 million as of 30 June 2015. The increases in fixed assets and construction in progress were mainly attributable to the increase in our investment in the renovation of our second production site (the “Tongzhou Second Production Base”), the expansion of our new production base (the “Daxing New Production Base”) and the acquisition of production facilities. Our net current assets increased by 148.6% from approximately RMB136.2 million as of 31 December 2014 to approximately RMB338.6 million as of 30 June 2015. The increase in net current assets was mainly attributable to the proceeds from the issue of H shares. Our intangible assets slightly decreased by 1.1% from approximately RMB35.3 million as of 31 December 2014 to approximately RMB34.9 million as of 30 June 2015. The decrease in intangible assets was mainly attributable to the amortization of land use rights and software. For the six months ended 30 June 2015, our net cash flows used in operating activities was approximately RMB33.5 million, which was mainly attributable to the extended credit period for certain customers; our net cash flows used in investing activities was approximately RMB3.5 million, which was mainly due to the acquisition of fixed assets and construction in progress; our net cash flows generated from financing activities was approximately RMB193.8 million, which was mainly due to the proceeds from the issue of H shares; and our cash and cash equivalents increased by RMB158.8 million as compared to the end of last year. For the six months ended 30 June 2015, we incurred capital expenditure in respect of fixed assets and construction in progress of approximately RMB14.8 million and our capital expenditure was mainly used in the renovation of Tongzhou Second Production Base, the expansion of Daxing New Production Base and the acquisition of production facilities. As of 30 June 2015, we did not have any significant contingent liabilities or guarantees. As of 30 June 2015, our total capital commitment was approximately RMB428.1 million, which mainly comprised the expenses incurred in the construction of new plants in Daxing New Production Base and the acquisition of equipment. From the end of the reporting period to the date of this announcement, the Group did not have any other significant events. The H shares of the Company were listed on the Main Board of The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the “Main Board”) on 11 March 2015 with net proceeds received by the Company from the global offering in the amount of approximately HK$228.2 million after deducting underwriting commissions and all related expenses. The net proceeds received from the global offering will be used in the manner consistent with that mentioned in the section headed “Future Plans and Use of Proceeds” of the prospectus of the Company dated 27 February 2015. As of 30 June 2015, the proceeds from the global offering were not applied for any use. Looking forward, various favourable factors such as aging population, increasing per capita income and enlarging scope of the medical insurance coverage will continue to sustain the rapid development of healthcare market in the PRC, especially the orthopedic medical device industry. We believe that the demand of our products will continue to increase along with the growth of the PRC joint prosthesis market. In the long run, we aim to become a leading enterprise in the market with a full range of orthopedic medical device products and to become one of the internationally renowned orthopedic medical device manufacturers. We plan to implement the following strategies: We expect demand for our products would continue to increase. Our utilisation rate has increased steadily over the years. We plan to increase our production capacity significantly to meet the anticipated increasing market demand. Meanwhile, we plan to purchase advanced equipment from overseas and optimise existing production facilities to strengthen our research and development capacity and trial testing standards, to ensure our sustainability and maintain our competitiveness by expanding our product portfolio while strengthening our competency and innovation capability. To achieve these objectives, we are in the process of building a new production plant and facilities in Daxing New Production Base. Phase I of the development mainly involves the construction of the first production plant, the acquisition of equipment for the expansion of production capacity of standard joint prosthesis products and spinal products, the development and commercialisation of advanced customized joint prosthesis products and the construction of a research and development center and a sales and marketing center. Phase I of the development has been commenced in March 2014, and it is expected to be completed in around December 2016 and commenced operation in around October 2017. Phase II of the development mainly includes the construction of the second production plant for the further development and commercialisation of ceramic hip joint prosthesis products and further expansion of production capacity of standard joint prosthesis products. Phase II of the development is expected to be commenced and completed in around January 2017 and December 2018 respectively. It is expected to commence operation in around October 2019. Strategic relocation to our Tongzhou Second Production Base We acquired the Tongzhou Second Production Base in January 2011, and the land on which it is erected adjacent to our current first production site (the “Tongzhou First Production Base”). We believed the Tongzhou Second Production Base could both cater for the needs of our business growth and serve as a replacement production site in case if we are required to relocate due to the title defect. Currently, we have carried out production at these two production sites simultaneously. We will continue to conduct optimisation and modification of our existing products, and keep abreast of the technology development of the joint prosthesis sector and invest more resources in the research and development of new products. We will develop more products catering for patients’ needs through the application of new materials and the improvement of production processes, in order to build a more comprehensive product series and to achieve product diversification. With our technical expertise, we will continue to diversify and expand the development of both joint prosthesis products and spinal products. We are currently developing a new custom joint prosthesis product called advanced customised joint prosthesis. It is an advanced model of the conventional custom joint prosthesis products with the use of advanced technologies such as 3D reconstruction on the basis of the Chinese skeleton database ( ). The existing custom joint prosthesis products mainly target patients suffering from bone tumor and joint revision whereas the advanced customised joint prosthesis products have a wider range of application. They are high-end products which can better analyse and cater for specific needs of patients. As such, we believe that advanced customised joint prosthesis products can attract higher profit margin. Expand the breadth and depth of our distribution and sales network and further explore the We plan to expand our distribution and sales network by establishing various sales and marketing centers in different provinces including our central sales and marketing center in Daxing New Production Base. We aim to establish a total of seven marketing service centers strategically located in markets where we have lower brand presence currently by 2016. We also plan to gradually hire another 90 sales representatives to increase our sales force by 2017. Meantime, we plan to accelerate the expansion of our sales in the overseas market. We are preparing the application for registration of our products to relevant local health regulatory authorities of Brazil and the United States for export to these countries. In the future, we shall continue our focus on the research and development of standard joint prosthesis products, advanced customised joint prosthesis products and spinal products. We plan to establish a product research and development center at our Daxing New Production Base, which is expected to consist of standard joint prostheses department, spinal products department, orthopedic trauma product department, biomechanics center and orthopedic devices standardization research and development center. Meanwhile, we would attract more research and development talents to join our research and development team. In addition, with our product research and development center, we can enhance our cooperation with well-known domestic and overseas medical institutes in order to strengthen our technology expertise and knowhow and competitiveness. To further strengthen our brand, we will continue to implement strict supervision on product quality to maintain our brand image. At the same time, we will actively organise and participate in seminars for market practitioners including distributors and representatives from hospitals on orthopedic medical devices with well-known experts and professors in the industry from both China and overseas to promote our products during such seminars. We will also strengthen the cooperation with different academic institutes and hospitals, and organise academic seminars at different levels and in various aspects so as to further increase our brand influence. We will continue to adhere to our existing talent development policy and attract high quality talents with competitive remuneration package, on the other hand, we have established an effective incentive and appraisal system to motivate the employees and ensure the retention of talents. As at 30 June 2015, the Group had a total of approximately 421 employees, which included management, production, quality and monitoring staff, research and development personnel, sales and marketing staff, general and administration staff. For the six months ended 30 June 2015, the total salary and related cost paid to our employees were approximately RMB15.2 million. The Group enters into individual employment contracts with employees to cover matters such as salaries, bonus, employee benefits, contract term, duties, location of workplace, working hours, leave policies, labour protection, confidentiality, non-competition and grounds for termination, etc. Neither the Company, nor its subsidiary purchased, redeemed or sold any of the Company’s listed securities since the listing of the Company’s shares on the Stock Exchange on 11 March 2015 (the “Listing Date”). The Board does not recommend any interim dividend for the six months ended 30 June 2015. 