Analysis of the Real Estate Market in the First Half of 2014 In the first half of 2014, the domestic macro-economy was steady and had downside pressure. The statistics shows that the gross national product increased 7.4% year-on-year in the first quarter, of which the year-on-year growth of gross industrial output value decreased by 0.8 percentage points. The growth rate of fixed assets’ investments has moderated from highs and recorded a year-on-year decrease of 3.3 percentage points. The total national retail sales of consumer goods enjoyed a year-on-year increase of 12.1% from January to June and the consumer price index increased 2.3% in June on a year-on-year basis. Currently, the domestic economy is undergoing structural adjustment and change in mode of development, under which decelerated economic growth and the search of new growth momentum will become prevailing trend. During the first half of 2014, the real estate industry had a moderate downward adjustment. At the beginning of this year, the Ministry of Housing and Urban-Rural Development set “Bidirectional Regulation” as the keynote of the austerity measures on real estate. Under such approach, the government targeted at first-tier cities to increase the supply continuously, suppressed speculative investment demands and adhered to the purchase restriction policy. For cities with relatively large inventories, emphasis was put on the control of the supply structure of land and housing. The central government has not introduced new austerity measures, but emphasized on establishing and improving the long-standing mechanisms, such as the system of affordable housing, registration of real estates and the legislation of real estate taxes, so as to ensure healthy development of the real estate market. During the first half of this year, volume and price of both commodity housing and commodity residential units decreased simultaneously. From January to June, the area of commodity housing sold nationwide declined to 483.65 million sq.m., down 6.0% year-on-year, of which the area of residential units sold decreased 7.8%. From January to June, the sales of commodity housing across the country amounted to RMB3,113.3 billion, which dropped 6.7% year-on-year, of which the sales of residential units decreased 9.2%. During the year, the available-for-sale area of commodity housing and commodity residential units has been increasing every month. As at the end of June, the available-for-sale area of commodity housing was 544.28 million sq.m.. During the first half of this year, the overall sales performance in the market has declined as compared to the same period last year while there was an increase in inventories. On one hand, this is attributable to the generally unchanged policy environment, under which the supply and demand in the market was still subject to the intervention of policies, such as the restrictions on property purchases, mortgage loans and the increase in the supply of affordable housing. On the other hand, the better-than-expected performance in the real estate market in 2013 has also siphoned off a portion of the consumer demand. During the first half of the year, the growth rate of investment in real estate development has continuously slowed down. The investment amount in real estate development for the whole nation increased 14.1% year-on-year from January to June, but decreased 0.6 percentage points month-on-month. The new housing construction area decreased 16.4% year-on-year from January to June, which was still in the negative growth region. From January to June, the area of land purchased by real estate developers was 148.07 million sq.m., which decreased 5.8% year-on-year. Since the sales performance in the market was not satisfactory, developers put more emphasis on clearing inventories and accelerating turnover, but are relatively prudent towards land investment. It is foreseeable that in the short term, the macro environment of economic restruction and decelerated growth will remain unchanged. While focusing on the healthy and sustainable development of the economy and industry, we also need to be highly alert in view of the prevailing market environment. On one hand, we should treat market demand as our orientation and thus strengthen our product’s quality, enhance our service standard and cope with market changes rationally. On the other hand, we should research and forecast market opportunities, expand geographical coverage and enhance core competitiveness of the Group. Currently, the policies regarding real estate are primarily focused on the market-oriented adjustments. Some local governments have gradually loosened the administrative control towards the real estate industry and it is increasingly obvious that real estate market is again determined by market forces. The Group will make timely moves, adjust operating strategies when appropriate, respond to market changes proactively and seize the opportunity offered by the structural adjustment of the real estate industry, so as to further exert the strategic advantages of the Group. The Group will gradually improve the informatized management system, refine the management and establish a scientific investment platform. In light of the gradually balanced supply and demand in the market and the stable domestic and foreign economic environment, the Group will insist on establishing strong footholds in the core first-tier cities. Leveraging on the strong heritage of the development of high-end residential real estate, the Group will build up core competitive advantages by high value-added products and good quality services, as well as optimizing the product mix continuously and promoting the innovation of products. While investing in commercial properties and industrial real estate in a stable manner, the Group will consolidate and continuously develop residential properties and promote strategic transformation of the Group, as well as arranging internal business structure of the Group reasonably. Besides, efforts will also be made in optimizing the investment structure and enhancing the anti-risk capability of the Group. The Group will insist on securing Pearl River Delta, Yangtze River Delta and Huanbohai Area as its footholds. With property markets in first-tier cities as business core, we will bring our core competitive advantages into full play. Besides, we will extend our business reach to the surrounding prosperous second-and-third-tier cities and the State’s major development areas in a steady and proactive way. Our target is to achieve stable growth of the Group’s scale and avoid risks, as well as establishing strategic layout with reasonable distribution of business activities among first-tier core cities and major second-and-third-tier cities. The Group will adhere to its multi-businesses tactics, construct a reasonable business structure and achieve healthy development in which each business provides mutual support to each other. These include the businesses of residential properties, integrated commerce, office buildings, industrial parks, hotels, community commerce and property management. The Group insists on establishing high-end deluxe residences and has set the benchmark of high-quality products in first-tier cities. Such high-end products were highly acclaimed and generated huge profits for the Group. Through accelerating the establishment of middle-end products, the Group will speed up cash inflow while ensuring a higher profit. Heartened by the preliminary achievements, we will promote the development of investment properties in a continuous and stable manner and focus on developing large-scale integrated commercial projects in core areas of first-tier markets. Such projects include commercial complexes, office buildings and hotels, etc. Our investment properties provide strong guarantee for continuous and stable rental income and generated high profit from property appreciation. The investment scale of industrial parks’ properties is increasing steadily. Through establishing new industrial parks in first-tier cities, we will ride on the regional transfer of high-tech small and medium enterprises and attract a cluster of entrepreneurial enterprises. While optimizing the business structure in an ongoing manner, the Group will also continue to regard high-quality products as the core competiveness. The Group will continue to provide more high-quality properties to consumers and the community by improving the Group’s management system, strengthening the construction of informatized system, enhancing the standard of property service, controlling product inspection and acceptance strictly and ensuring the quality of work. The Group will pay close attention to the changes in land market in a prudent manner. Through scientific and reasonable analyses, we will make active and thoughtful moves to seize suitable land resources, so as to continuously optimize our land bank. As at 30th June 2014, the Group had land bank of 32.98 million sq.m. and is one of the first-tier sizable developers in the industry. The sizeable land bank provides strong support for the long-term and stable development of properties for sale and investment properties. The Group’s land bank mainly comprises high-quality and scarce resources in first- tier cities. As high-quality land resource in core cities which are suitable for development is diminishing, high-quality land bank has become one of the core competitiveness for the Group’s future growth. The Group will insist on building a solid foundation for its long-term development. For this, we will continuously optimize the organizational structure, refine the authorization system and improve the performance evaluation system. We will also rely on informatized methods to increase the decision-making efficiency and achieve scientific management of projects. With the residential department and the commercial department as its main bodies, the Group will adhere to the system with management vested in business divisions and integrate and fully utilize the Group’s resources to support the development of projects. At the same time, we will actively introduce advanced management experience through setting up professional management teams of residential properties, commercial properties and industrial properties. We are confident that this will effectively shorten the decision-making flow, accelerate our response to market changes and help us to develop deluxe products. The Group will unceasingly improve the operating database and standardize the production and operation of projects as well as ancillary services, so as to improve quality of product and standard of property services. The Group strongly believes that the government will persist in establishing and improving long-standing mechanisms such as the system of affordable housing, registration of real estates and the legislation of real estate taxes in order to ensure the long-term and healthy development of the real estate market. The Group will rationally analyze the market environment and master market changes. We will also seize the opportunities brought by the structural adjustment of real estate industry proactively and enhance the level of internal management and product services. While facing the market downturn, the Group continues to enhance its risk awareness, optimize the product mix constantly, ensure financial health and avoid policy risks as well as market risks in all possible ways. Furthermore, in order to enhance the Group’s overall income level, the Group gradually integrates the investment structure and increases its investment in investment properties in a stable and continuous manner. Sales Performance of the Group during the First Half of 2014 The Group mainly focuses on the economically developed zones in the Pearl River Delta, Yangtze River Delta and Huanbohai Economic Zone, with Guangzhou, Shanghai and Beijing as the cores and actively expands towards the neighbouring prosperous cities. As at 30th June 2014, the Group achieved contracted sales of RMB1,815 million and gross floor area sold of 131,276 sq.m. in the first half of the year. Amid the extremely severe market condition, the Group has maintained the profit margin of urban core high- end products and upgraded products. It has also strived to maintain the sales momentum by launching high-quality regular demand products. With Beijing, Shanghai and Guangzhou as the hubs, the Group has established an integrated business turf encompassing the three core economic zones in Huanbohai, Yangtze River Delta and Pearl River Delta. We are gradually transforming from a developer solely focuses on prime residential sector into a comprehensive real estate developer. In Pearl River Delta, Dragon Mansion is a high-end phase in sales of Hopson Regal Riviera. The project is located among Zhujiang New City, the Guangzhou International Convention and Exhibition Centre and the Consulate General District in the International Central Commercial and Residential District. It is next to a large-scale green concourse of approximately 56 hectares and the Canton Tower, the tallest building in China, both on the axis of new town centre. The project maintains its leading position in the high-end market of luxurious houses due to its comprehensive community ancillaries constructed over the past decade and perfect product quality. The project received an overwhelming response in the market and was particularly welcomed by the high-end customers in the market. Hopson Pleasant View Garden is located at Guangzhou Avenue South in the Haizhu District and prominently located at the southern core of the hub. The project benefits from the municipal ancillaries which worth hundred million dollars in the four commercial zones comprising Haizhu District Government Commercial Zone, Central Hub Southern Commercial Zone, Zhongda Textile Commercial Zone and Zhujiang New City Central Commercial Zone. The project offers community ancillaries such as ecological gardens, comfortable ambience, commercial ancillaries and high-end clubhouses. It is a scarce property project located at the town centre. Hopson International New City is located at Shuikou Town in Huicheng District with convenient transportation and comprehensive living ancillaries. The project has a luxurious clubhouse with an area of nearly 10,000 sq.m., which includes swimming pools tallying with international standards, tennis courts and maternity and child centre, etc. The project is adjacent to the Shuikou Stylistic Square with an area of 120,000 sq.m., the Lake Garden covering 100,000 sq.m. and the 3km-long Lujiang Libin water recreation zone. The project borders on the international five-star Crowne Plaza Huizhou. The high performance-price ratio of the project satisfies the local customers with regular demands. After launching its upgraded phase-4 products upon regular demands, the project earned favour from customers and obtained satisfying sales result. In Huanbohai Economic Zone, Hopson No. 8 Royal Park is a world-class high- end residential project meticulously developed by the Group in Beijing. The project is located at the interchange of Yansha Commercial Zone and the Third Ambassador District. The project stands out in the competition of the high-end single residential units worth RMB40,000,000 or above in Beijing. It is expected that in future, it will generate stable cash flow and high profit margin for the Group. Hopson Dreams World and Hopson World Garden are located at Zhongguancun Science Park, Tongzhou District, Beijing and adjoining to Makeyan project, an investment property of the Group. These three projects under the Group are the largest projects with the most comprehensive amenities among the projects on sale in Yizhuang. Hopson Belvedere Bay is located at the International Trade and Shipping Centre within Binhai New Region, a state-level new area in Tianjin. The project is surrounded by various important traffic arteries, such as Binhai Avenue, Taida Street, the Fifth Street and Jingmen Avenue, and is adjacent to two major Light Rail Transit sites. With its surrounding comprehensive amenities and following the in-depth development in Binhai New Area, Hopson Belvedere Bay is the best place for residential and commercial use. In Yangtze River Delta, Hopson Times Garden is a high-end residential project located at the Qiantan District, Zhonghuan, Pudong, Shanghai. The project is surrounded by five subway lines, adjacent to the local renowned primary schools and international hospitals and close to the World Expo Exhibition and Convention Centre. The project is located at one of the key areas of the Twelfth Five-year Plan by the Shanghai Government. It is also a world-class commercial zone with Lujiazui as the blueprint and is an investment of more than hundred billion dollars. The gross floor area of Hopson Times Garden is approximately 100,000 sq.m., which is planned for furnished apartments and high-end furnished low-rise villas. Currently, the products on sales are primarily low-rise villas. Following the advancement of the construction in Qiantan District, the potential land value of the project is becoming more obvious. Hopson International Garden is located at Kunshan City, Suzhou, Jiangsu Province and is the core of the Chengbei New Town in Kunshan. The project is surrounded by scenic views and comprehensive amenities which include ecological parks, shopping malls and Grade A hotels. Kunshan ranks the first in the top 100 counties in China, its west borders with Suzhou and its east adjoins Shanghai. Kunshan has prosperous economy and a prime location. In 2013, Line No. 11, the first railway connecting Kunshan and Shanghai, was in service, which triggered the influx of buyers from Shanghai. In the coming 15 years, Kunshan will increase its input in infrastructure, especially the construction of Light Rail Transit, and is set to assume a key role in the economic integration of Yangtze River Delta. Hopson International City is located at Zhenhai District, Ningbo. There are Metro Line No. 2, five-star hotels and culture and sports parks in the neighbourhood of the project. The project comprises villas, mansions and street-level shops with gross floor area of 300,000 sq.m. In June 2014, mansions with area ranging from 90 to 250 sq.m. in Zone G were opened for sales and recorded 90 transactions worth over RMB80 million in the week of opening. The project not only plays a leading role in Ningbo’s market, but also demonstrates the first-class quality and strong appeal of the brand of Hopson Development. The Operational Status of the Business of the Group during the First Half of 2014 Leveraging on the extensive experience and strategic planning of the Group, we made continuous and prudent investment in investment properties. After years of efforts, we have developed substantial amount of quality properties in the prime locations of first-tier cities. We also provided outstanding services to our customers through our professional operation team. During the first half of 2014, the commercial property business of the Group was operating in good shape. Office premises held for investment and leasing purposes, including Hopson Zhujiang International Tower, Shanghai Hopson Fortune Plaza, Hangzhou Hopson World Trade Centre and the integrated commercial premises in Hopson Kylin Xintiandi were almost fully leased; the recently launched Beijing Hopson Desheng Building has attracted potential buyers from a number of large-scale enterprises and financial institutions. The Group continued to improve its self-operated hotels and restaurants and we successfully established food and beverage brands such as “Dragon Restaurant” and entered into brand management business. Hopson Zhujiang International Tower is located at Yuexiu District, Guangzhou, situating in the center of an old urban district. It sits near the municipal government of Guangzhou and Beijing Road Business Circle and is the new landmark of office properties in the old urban district. The project integrates offices, restaurants and banking facilities and houses numerous brands such as Watsons, Unilever, Pacific Life and Guangzhou Restaurant. Hopson Fortune Plaza is located at Dalian Road, Hongkou District, Shanghai. It is next to Port Trade Zone and surrounded by well-established commercial ancillaries. The project is positioned to target higher paying clients of the financial industry such as banks and insurance companies, and has attracted several banks including Bank of Tianjin, Bank of Shanghai, Industrial and Commercial Bank of China and Shenzhen Development Bank. The property is almost fully leased. Hangzhou Hopson World Trade Centre is situated in Xihu District, Hangzhou, and is surrounded by Hi-Tech Parks and newly established high-tech enterprises. Currently, the project has secured renowned enterprises such as Proya Cosmetics and Topchoice Dental Hospital as tenants. Hopson Kylin Xintiandi is located at Wangjing, Chaoyang District, Beijing. Situated in a highly developed commercial area, the project offers an unparalleled location and convenience in traffic. The project adopts a centralized community business model and mainly focuses on supermarkets, banks, food and beverage and ancillary services industry which satisfies the community’s need. Renowned brands such as Wumart Supermarket, Yoshinoya, Matsuko and Dadi Cinema have opened up here. After operating for more than one year, the project has not only become a consumption hub for the surrounding communities, but also a new and unique consumption hot spots in Beijing City. Beijing Hopson Desheng Building, a rare single Grade A office building in Xicheng District, is located outside Deshengmen Bridge, North Second Ring area and at the northwest corner of Dewai Bridge. The project has become a new benchmark of office buildings in Beijing because of its prime location, high-quality construction standards and policies regarding national-level parks. Since launching to the market, the project has attracted potential buyers from various large-scale enterprises and financial institutions. Sales Arrangement of the Group during the Second Half of 2014 In the second half of the year, the Group will launch a series of new projects and new phases in prosperous cities such as Beijing, Shanghai, Guangzhou, Taiyuan, Ningbo, Kunshan, Qinhuangdao and Huizhou. Among which, Hopson International City in Taiyuan, Shanxi and Hopson Guangfuhui in Songjiang, Shanghai are brand new projects. The new projects to be launched will be large-scale composite projects either locating in the core prime locations of the cities or in second-tier cities with well-developed and comprehensive amenities. On the basis of market researches, the Group will mainly launch practical and high-quality products pinpointing at regular demands. The Group expects that through leveraging on the strong brand recognition and implementing effective marketing strategies, such projects will generate satisfactory sales for the Group continuously. Located in the core area of Tongzhou New Town, Hopson Regal Park is adjacent to the Grand Canal (Beijing-Hangzhou) and in close proximity to Metro Line No. 6. Equipped with convenient transportation and comprehensive amenities, this classical European-style project will have a prime club house, a large shopping mall and a bilingual kindergarten according to the community plan. The convenient living facilities, abundant natural resources and comfortable living environment will turn the project into a landmark luxury community in Tongzhou New Town. The Group plans to launch its LOFT products of 85 sq.m. to satisfy regular demand in the second half of the year and is expected to generate stable sales for the Group. Hopson International City is situated in the west of Bingzhou Road and the east of Tiyu Road, Taiyuan and located in the former plant of Taiyuan Copper Industry Corporation, which is a prosperous downtown area of Taiyuan. The project will be developed into a new benchmark residential area and will help to boost the international image of Taiyuan City. The southern area of the project is positioned as a high-end deluxe residential community, whereas the northern area is complemented by large shopping malls, office, business and leisure centres, which will introduce new lifestyle in Taiyuan City. Hopson Seasky Villa is located at the core position of Binhai Economic Zone, Suizhong County, Qinhuangdao, which is the intersection between the two core economic zones of the Northeast and Northern China. The government spent a huge sum to create a modernized new ecotype city. The strategic positioning would be “Transforming Coastal Zhongguancun into a New Ecotype City”. The project attracted 190 large-scale enterprises to joint hand in creating a modernized new ecotype city which focused on travel and vacation as a whole. In the second half of the year, the project is expected to launch new mansions in its phase two. The characteristics of small-size apartments and low aggregate price will satisfy the demands of customers from Beijing, Tianjin, Hebei for tourism or vacation. Hopson Hushan Guoji Villa is located at Yuanzhang Avenue, Xintang Town, Zengcheng. Following the implementation of favourable policies regarding Zengcheng being upgraded to district level and the integration of public amenities, the project enjoys a huge potential of appreciation. The project stands against Chenjialin National Nature Preservation Area and is adjacent to Tian’ehu with an area of 40,000 sq.m. The project owes abundant forestry resources and the community greening coverage reaches 70%. There are western restaurants, Youkelong Supermarket, commercial street and prestigious education institutions in the area. The project is also surrounded by ancillaries such as supermarkets, restaurants, hospitals, banks and shopping malls. Hopson Huanan New City is located at the east side of Panyu Bridge, Panyu Province, Guangzhou and is built along the river. The gross floor area of the project is approximately 2,100,000 sq.m. The area offers comprehensive ancillaries and a scenic view with mountains and rivers. The planned total residential population of the project is approximately 80,000. The project has comprehensive amenities in the vicinity and convenient transportation. In the second half of the year, the new phrase of the project ranging from 106–138 sg.m. will be launched to cater regular and upgraded demand. This new phase enjoys a scenic environment and shares the mature ancillaries in Huanan New City. The project is within close reach to the Guantang Station on Line No. 7 and has several express lines to Tianhe. Furthermore, the project adjoins Wangbo Centre and Wanda Shopping Plaza, which provides extra conveniences to the households. Hopson Belvedere Bay is situated at the centre of Guangfo Economic Zone, Nanhai, Foshan. It is only separated with Guangzhou by a bridge and located at the upstream area of the Pearl River. The project is built along the river and exclusively enjoys a private 1-km southbound coastal line. The main roads of the area are directly linked to the First Ring of Foshan and the interchange of Guangfo Expressway, which can reach Liwan, Baiyun, Haizhu and Foshan District of Guangzhou. The project is in 10-minute drive to Guangzhou and 30-minute drive to Foshan, and exclusively benefits from the prosperity in Guangzhou and Foshan. The project offers various choices of apartment type, which is expected to contribute stable sales to the Group. Hopson Guangfuhui is situated opposite to the Guangfulin Cultural and Historical Park in Songjiang New District and is surrounded by a number of universities. There is the Chenshan National Botanical Garden on the north- western side, the Sheshan National Resort District on the north-eastern end, and a planned public green zone on the south. The project enjoys a convenient traffic network and has well-developed living amenities. The project is developed as a low density and high quality area with a nice eco- environment. It will be attractive to the large number of owners of domestic or foreign enterprises and middle to senior ranked executives in the vicinity. Hopson Seaview No. 1 Hopson Seaview No. 1 is located at the core location of Jinshan New City, Shanghai and its southern side features beautiful seaview. It only takes a 15-minute walk to reach the commercial centre and railway station, and is neighbouring to Jinshan Key Primary School. The development plan of the project focuses on high-rise apartments with gross floor area of approximately 300,000 sq.m., which ranks among the top of the high-end school district residences in the area. During the second half of the year, the project will launch apartments which are 90 sq.m. with two rooms, 120 sq.m. with three rooms and 160 sq.m. with four rooms. Occupying an area of approximately 2,000,000 sq.m., the Town of Hangzhou Bay is located at Cixi City, Ningbo, Zhejiang Province. The project is planned to consist of living and leisure ancillaries such as apartments, villas, commercial streets, hotels, golf parks, golf rooms, high-class clubhouses, restaurants, swimming pools and tennis courts. With the comprehensive amenities, the project is highly recognized by the local customers. The products on sales include townhouses, semi-detached villas and apartments, while apartments of 80–90 sq.m. will be launched in the second half of the year. Hopson Xiaogui Bay is a high-end villa city meticulously developed by the Group. It is adjacent to Bijiashan Forest Park, a 360,000 sq.m. private inland sea and a 200,000 sq.m. natural island. The overall planning of the project epitomizes the construction ideology of “Ecological Preservation, Walking Distance and Architectural Diversity”. The project offers multiple amenities ranging from three small commercial towns, three cultural streets, a group of five-star clubhouses and hotels, marine clubs, hilltop parks and small commercial towns, which provides living experience in a world-class urban bay area for customers from Shenzhen and the surrounding areas. 