The Group commenced its operations by providing comprehensive and tailor-made mobile advertising services to customers in China, with its sights keenly set on becoming one of the nation’s leading mobile marketing solution providers, with a particular focus on short-video programmatic precision marketing. With COVID-19 running rampant, the year under review has proved to be a challenging one – the continuing market volatility has taken a devastating toll on the global economy on a scale unprecedented in modern times, weighing heavily on market sentiment, inhibiting economic activities, sapping consumer spending and eroding business confidence, thus compounding in the clouding of outlook for economies worldwide. Yet the global economy is showing signs of bottoming out as it reels from the loss of trade, revenue and investments during the tumultuous year. On the local front, China’s growth has cooled off from the torrid pace of the past years, with effects most acutely felt during the first quarter of 2020 when the pandemic was at its peak across the nation. Containment measures employed by the PRC government to curb the spread of the deadly virus such as business closures, travel restrictions, mandatory quarantine, temporary lockdowns, border closures, which when woven together, culminated in the halting of economic, business and industrial activities, thereby further exacerbating the pandemic’s crippling effect on the local economy. Nonetheless, China’s swift and drastic efforts to stem the virus did manage to turn the tide, with the pandemic being kept in check as it moved further into the year. With the PRC government stepping up its efforts to nurse the COVID-stricken economy back to health, real GDP in 2020 (according to the International Monetary Fund’s 2020 report) continued to rise by 4.9 percent in the third quarter on the heels of a rebound of 3.2 percent in the second quarter, whereas weakened private consumption continued to lag behind in recovery. Correspondingly, whilst international trade was set to dip as the pandemic upends the global economy, Chinese exports have held up well despite the COVID-led disruptions, faring better than most, thanks to its early resumption of production. Looming behind such bright façade, however, the escalating US-China trade frictions and the ensuing US tariff hikes have undercut China’s growth momentum over the year under review, the prolongation of which will inexorably cast a long shadow forward. COVID-19 is rewriting the playbook for the global markets, making it impossible to gauge the pandemic’s full economic impact as the crisis continually unfolds and evolves. Albeit set on a path of recovery, with the slowing global growth remain headwinds, it is envisaged that the COVID onslaught, geopolitical uncertainties and ongoing trade tensions will continually plague the post-COVID Chinese economy ahead. The Group will remain vigilant over the ongoing developments and make strategic and timely moves in response to any changes in its operating environment. The sweeping effects of COVID-19 were felt globally, however its impact varies across business and industrial sectors, with automotive, tourism and catering being amongst the sectors worst hit by the pandemic, and derivatively, advertising agents specialising in serving those respective fields. Yet whilst brick-and-mortar retailers were feeling the pinch of the dwindling foot traffic, sluggish sales and subdued profits as the virus took hold, the epidemic also opened up a plethora of opportunities for those leaning on digital channels to drive sales. The hastened digital migration in the wake of COVID-19 underscores the pandemic’s role in transforming consumer’s spending habits and expectations. The conundrum remains whether the precipitous leap into digitalisation would last, with the epidemic expected to taper off eventually notwithstanding no end being yet in sight. Whilst outdoor sales are being stripped to a new low, with a clear vision of the niche to be filled, businesses all over the world have started ramping up their digital transformation. Being propelled into the digital era, many brands are looking to take the plunge into digital marketing to revive the dented demand, if they haven’t already. With the PRC economy gradually recovering from the setbacks in the first quarter of 2020, businesses are geared up to tap into local shoppers’ pent-up demand. Yet rising to the tasks at hand with trimmed budgets meant that marketing efforts have inevitably been channeling towards the more cost effective digital realm during the pandemic and beyond. Short-video marketing, in particular, saw a surge in popularity as the easily digestible nature of the typically seconds-to minutes-long videos is ideal for capturing the brief attention span of online users (with the engaging and interactive content being often consumed as entertainment). The advent of 5G technology and its eventual commercialisation is also expected to further transform the mobile advertising market with accelerated data transmission and reduced mobile internet traffic costs per GB, thereby fueling improvements in viewer experience via technological innovations such as augmented reality (“AR”) and virtual reality (“VR”). The pandemic has also led to a drastic uptick in mobile usage and enhanced mobile engagement across a wide spectrum of app categories and verticals, with remote work, entertainment and education being amongst the usage scenarios that saw the most dramatic spike in demand. Coupled with emerging trends such as the development of leaner apps and all-scenario intelligence, driving user acquisition and enhancing user stickiness became all the more critical for mobile app developers to stay relevant, meet growing needs and ride the wave of challenges in the increasingly dynamic marketplace. As the Group serves some of the biggest names in the PRC mobile app development market, the Group is keenly aware of the complexities of mobile app marketing in the new era and the need to adapt strategies to blend in new technologies and seize opportunities in the prevailing market environment. In light of the opportunities and challenges noted above, the Group recognises that, albeit having the requisite experience and expertise to implement adaptive strategies, the Group’s current business model and team scale are yet to meet the surging marketing demand and hence the need to pivot its approach to capitalise on the popularity and growing influence of short videos. With COVID casting a pall over the global economic outlook, rising operating costs and shrinking revenue have been driving businesses to the brink. Although signs of recovery emerged in the second half of 2020, the Chinese consumer market is yet to pick up pace, with shoppers pulling back on spending across categories. Certain sectors also remain shuttered or downsized as their operations are being halted or severely impacted by the pandemic and the restrictive measures adopted. As a result of such intertwining forces at play, global advertising spend has embarked on a downward path ever since the pandemic rears its head. Budget cuts, deferments of new projects or launches, and drop in contract awards all contributed to intensified competition amongst advertisers as the market shrank. With the industry grappling with new challenges, waning demand, as well as the COVID-driven paradigm shift in consumer and competition environments, marketers need to re-strategise their campaigns to engage customers across platforms to stay ahead of competition amidst the rapidly evolving landscape. During such trying times, the Group was set to sharpen its approach with a strong focus on innovation in order to ride out the challenges and seize new business opportunities. Building upon its big data capabilities and technological competencies, the Group has, during the year under review, ramped up the production of short videos and expanded their use to a wider range of fields to complement its existing comprehensive range of services. The Group’s ability to respond effectively to an exceptionally challenging operating landscape bears testimony to the Group’s tremendous agility and aptly showcases the Group’s meticulous execution of growth strategies to transform its business and establish a firm footing in the Chinese market as a mobile marketing solutions provider with profound short-video advertising capabilities. 