In the first half of 2017, the global economy continued its recovery momentum from the second half of 2016. The economic indicators of the second quarter this year indicated continuous growth of economic activities around the world. In particular, although the growth of global trade and industrial production has slowed down from the high speed as at the end of 2016 and at the beginning of 2017, it was still much faster than that of the period from 2015 to 2016. Purchasing Managers’ Index indicated that the manufacturing industry and the service industry remained robust. Among the advanced economies, the US economy recorded soften growth in the first quarter this year, but was still recovering at a faster pace as compared to other developed economies; the economic growth in the Euro Zone remained stable; and Japan witnessed better-than-expected economic growth. The economic activities in emerging economies and developing economies increased significantly. While the Chinese government carried out supply-side reform (including reduction of excessive industrial capacity), the Chinese economy maintained stable growth. Indonesia recorded impressive growth and sustained good momentum, and the other ASEAN-5 economies also recorded strong growth in general, while the Middle East, North Africa, Afghanistan and Pakistan experienced a significant slow-down. The economic prospects of the large emerging economies such as Brazil and Russia are gradually improving. According to the “World Economic Outlook” published by the International Monetary Fund (“IMF”) in July 2017, with the support of a buoyant financial market and a long-awaited cyclical recovery in manufacturing and trade sectors, global economic growth is projected to rise from 3.2% in 2016 to 3.5% in 2017 and 3.6% in 2018. The growth forecast for 2017 is 2.0% for developed economies, up 0.3 percentage point from that of 2016; and 4.6% for emerging markets and developing economies, up 0.3 percentage point from that of 2016. Global trade volume (including goods and services) is predicted to grow by 4.0%, up 1.7 percentage points as compared to that of 2016. During the period under review, China maintained a positive upward trend with a Gross Domestic Product (“GDP”) growth of 6.9% year-on-year. Due to the rebound of foreign trade, total import and export value amounted to US$1,909.5 billion, representing a year-on-year increase of 13.0%, of which total export value was US$1,047.3 billion, indicating an increase of 8.5% year-on-year, while total import value was US$862.2 billion, representing an increase of 18.9% year-on-year. Benefitted from the restorative growth of China’s domestic demand and the good performance of import and export trade, according to the data published by the Ministry of Transport of China, the container throughput handled by Chinese ports of significant scale totalled 115 million TEUs during the first half of 2017, representing a year-on-year increase of 8.8%, up 6.3 percentage points as compared to the growth rate of the same period last year. Of which, 102 million TEUs were handled by coastal ports, representing a year-on-year increase of 7.8%, up 5.4 percentage points as compared to the growth rate of the same period last year. During the six months ended 30 June 2017, the Group’s ports handled a total container throughput of 50.16 million TEUs (2016: 46.07 million TEUs), grew by 8.9% as compared with the same period last year, and bulk cargo volume of 249 million tonnes (2016: 217 million tonnes), grew by 14.6% as compared with the same period last year. Profit attributable to equity holders of the Company amounted to HK$3,148 million, representing an increase of 86.3% over the same period last year. Of this amount, profit of core ports operation attributable to equity holders of the Company amounted to HK$2,453 million, representing an increase of 18.7% over the same period last year. EBITDANote 1 of the Group’s core ports operation amounted to HK$5,891 million, up by 9.2% year-on-year, accounting for 78.5% of the Group’s total. Taking into consideration the operating results in the first half of 2017 and the anticipated need for future development, the Board declared an interim dividend of 22 HK cents per share. Meanwhile, 2017 is the 25th anniversary of the Company’s listing. To express our gratitude to our shareholders for their continuous support, the Board also declared a one-off special interim dividend of 135 HK cents per share in celebration of the 25th anniversary of listing. Note 1 Earnings before net interest expenses, taxation, depreciation and amortisation but excluding unallocated income less expenses and profit attributable to non-controlling interests (“Defined Earnings”) of the Company, its subsidiaries and its share of Defined Earnings of associates and joint ventures. In the first half of the year, the Group’s ports handled a total container throughput of 50.16 million TEUs, up by 8.9% year-on-year, enabling the Group to sustain its leading position among port operators in China. The growth of the period was mainly benefitted from the cyclical recovery in the manufacturing and trading sectors and good growth momentum of regional economic performance in China. Among which, the Group’s ports in Mainland China contributed container throughput of 37.88 million TEUs, indicating an increase of 9.9% year-on-year. The Group’s ports in Hong Kong and Taiwan contributed an aggregate container throughput of 3.74 million TEUs, representing a growth of 20.9% year-on-year. Total container throughput handled by the Group’s overseas ports was 8.54 million TEUs, which remained at the same level of that over the same period last year. Bulk cargo volume handled by the Group’s ports increased by 14.6% year-on-year to 249 million tonnes, within which bulk cargo volume handled by ports in Mainland China totalled 246 million tonnes, representing an increase of 15.1% year-on-year. In the Pearl River Delta region, the Group’s terminals in West Shenzhen handled a total container throughput of 5.56 million TEUs in the first half of the year, up by 4.6% year-on- year, of which international container throughput totalled 5.15 million TEUs, up by 4.7% year-on-year, outperforming the overall Shenzhen port. Chu Kong River Trade Terminal Co., Ltd. handled a total container throughput of 0.68 million TEUs, up by 3.3% year-on-year. Bulk cargo volume handled by the West Shenzhen Port Zone amounted to 10.45 million tonnes, up by 40.0% year-on-year, mainly driven by the growth in grain business. Dongguan Machong Terminal maintained a rapid growth with bulk cargo volume of 7.31 million tonnes handled during the period, representing an increase of 28.7% year-on-year. The total container throughput handled by ports in Hong Kong increased by 10.5% year-on-year in the first half of the year, of which the container throughput handled by the ports in Kwai Tsing area increased by 11.0% year-on-year. Modern Terminals Limited and China Merchants Container Services Limited in Hong Kong delivered an aggregate container throughput of 2.91 million TEUs in the first half of the year, up by 29.0% year- on-year, which outperformed the overall market of Hong Kong. In the first half of the year, Shanghai International Port (Group) Co., Ltd. (“SIPG”) handled a total container throughput of 19.60 million TEUs, up by 9.6% year-on-year, and bulk cargo volume of 83.53 million tonnes, up by 20.1% year-on-year, which was mainly driven by the increase in import and export volume benefitted from recovery of trade and the increase in number of shipping routes due to reorganisation of the alliances formed by shipping companies. As affected by the adjustment of certain shipping routes, Ningbo Daxie China Merchants International Terminals Co., Ltd. handled a total container throughput of 1.64 million TEUs in the first half of the year, representing an increase of 29.4% year-on-year. Dalian Port (PDA) Company Limited handled a total container throughput of 5.30 million TEUs and bulk cargo volume of 62.85 million tonnes, representing an increase of 21.6% and 36.2% year-on-year respectively. Qingdao Qianwan United Container Terminal Co., Ltd. handled a total container throughput of 3.24 million TEUs, representing a decrease of 1.0% year-on-year. Qingdao Qianwan West Port United Terminal Co., Ltd. handled bulk cargo volume of 6.41 million tonnes, representing a decrease of 6.5% year-on-year. Qingdao Port Dongjiakou Ore Terminal Co., Ltd. handled bulk cargo volume of 27.91 million tonnes, indicating a decrease of 6.9% year-on-year. Tianjin Five Continents International Container Terminals Co., Ltd. handled a total container throughput of 1.24 million TEUs, representing a decrease of 1.3% year-on-year. Zhangzhou China Merchants Port Co., Ltd. (“ZCMP”), located in Xiamen Bay Economic Zone, handled a container throughput of 0.20 million TEUs during the first half of the year, up 34.3% year-on-year, mainly benefitted from the increase in domestic shipping routes. The commencement of environmental remediation in the hinterland of ZCMP has resulted in a decline in demand for some industries. Bulk cargo volume handled by ZCMP amounted to 4.22 million tonnes, down by 16.5% year-on-year. Zhanjiang Port (Group) Co., Ltd. handled a total container throughput of 0.42 million TEUs, up by 33.9% year-on-year; and a total bulk cargo volume of 42.84 million tonnes, which remained at the same level of that over the same period last year. Kao Ming Container Terminal Corporation in Kaohsiung handled a total container throughput of 0.83 million TEUs in the first half of the year, reflecting a slight decrease of 1.0% year-on-year. During the first half of the year, total container throughput handled by the Group’s overseas operation amounted to 8.54 million TEUs, which remained basically the same as that of the corresponding period of last year, among which container throughput handled by Colombo International Container Terminals Limited (“CICT”) in Sri Lanka rose significantly by 21.2% year-on-year to 1.11 million TEUs. Container throughput handled by Lomé Container Terminal S.A. in Togo amounted to 0.36 million TEUs, significantly up by 42.2% year-on-year. Container throughput handled by Tin-Can Island Container Terminal Limited in Nigeria was 0.20 million TEUs, representing a slight decrease of 0.8% year-on-year. Container throughput handled by Port de Djibouti S.A. in Djibouti amounted to 0.48 million TEUs, down by 3.7% year- on-year. Terminal Link SAS, which disposed its 20% equity interests in Xinhaida project in Xiamen at the beginning of this year, handled container throughput of 5.97 million TEUs, representing a decrease of 4.6% year-on-year or an increase of 5.5% year-on-year if excluding the container throughput handled by Xinhaida project in Xiamen last year. Kumport Liman Hizmetleri ve Lojistik Sanayi ve Ticaret Anonim Şirketi in Turkey handled container throughput of 0.41 million TEUs, representing an increase of 12.6% year-on-year. During the first half of 2017, moving towards its core goal of “to be a world’s leading comprehensive port service provider”, the Group proposed the operation philosophy of “enhancing capability, improving efficiency and quality, striving for self-improvement and integrating to achieve mutual benefits”. The Group continued to strengthen its strategic management and control, and constantly optimised and refined its strategic plans and strategy research with a focus on strengthening the implementation of strategic operation and further enhancing the target management at all levels. It also stepped up its efforts in decomposition and evaluation of strategic performance indicators to highlight the weight attributable to evaluation of strategic planning and all-round assessment, thereby establishing a top-down system that can effectively break down tasks and allocate responsibilities. Meanwhile, the Group effectively facilitated strategy research on various aspects, including the comprehensive development model of “Port-Park-City”, “Port-Shipping Integration” and the comprehensive port ecosystem. Regarding the development of its West Shenzhen homebase port, the Group proactively promoted resources consolidation and made steady progress in various fundamental works. As for the upgrade of hardware of West Shenzhen Port Zone, phase II of Tonggu Channel and Western Public Channel have commenced substantial construction while all preparatory work of the “Mawan smart ports” project at the preliminary stage has been completed. As for strengthening the intelligent management of its West Shenzhen homebase port, the “E-port” project has been making satisfactory progress. The construction of phase II was well underway, and the preliminary research on extending the “E-port” project to financial services has been carried out in an orderly manner. The development of the “Comprehensive Service Platform”, which aims at enhancing and improving the environment for the customs clearance service in the bonded logistics park, has been officially established and progressing in an orderly manner. The construction of “EDI” platform has also commenced, and deployment tests have been conducted on Tencent’s cloud platform. Various payment methods including WeChat and Alipay have been introduced and launched officially on the online and offline platforms of “ePay”. The Qianhai Sub-platform of International Trade “Single Window”, which helps trade facilitation, was officially put into operation. As for overseas expansion, by seizing the development opportunities arising from the “Belt and Road” initiative promoted by China, the Group reviewed its development strategy for its overseas projects and that of key overseas regions with a view to optimising the layout of its overseas operation. On 29 July 2017, the Group entered into a concession agreement in relation to Hambantota Port so as to further push ahead with the construction of an overseas homebase port in Sri Lanka. The Group actively participated in the planning and construction of its ports and port-related business by leverging on the development potential and advantages of different regions. With respect to the Chinese port market, the Group continued to capture the opportunities arising from the ports consolidation and the coordinated development of ports and cities in China so as to expand its ports network in China and optimise the structure of domestic ports resources. It has also designed a multi-beneficial cooperation model based on the port condition of different regions and resources available in various hinterlands. On 10 April 2017, the Group entered into a subscription agreement to acquire 60% of the equity interest in Shantou Ports Group Corp Co., Ltd., which will further strengthen the Group’s port network in Southern China. The transaction was completed on 9 August 2017. With regard to innovative development, the Group promoted the “Internet + Port” business model in an innovative and orderly manner in the first half of the year, while proactively expanding its projects, including the integrated electronic bulk trading platform for grains cooperated with COFCO Corporation, and the establishment of the joint venture Silk Road E-Merchants Information Technologies Co., Ltd. with IZP Group. The Group also established a special working group for innovations to promote the establishment of a comprehensive port ecosystem on the foundation of ports operation. It also enhanced the synergy and cooperation between the involved parties in port business and strengthened its ability in creating values for customers through innovation of business models and cross-sector integration, which would facilitate its business expansion towards middle and high end of the ports value chain, thereby realising the transformation from a terminal operator to a comprehensive port services provider. During the first half of the year, the Group’s bonded logistics business performed differently. The utilisation rate of the warehouses of China Merchants Bonded Logistics Co., Ltd. in Shenzhen decreased to 75.8% due to the change of customs policies. China Merchants International Terminal (Qingdao) Co., Ltd. in Qingdao achieved a substantial increase in the natural flow of goods in the industrial zone by making full use of its resources to develop self-operated business and the warehouse utilisation rate was 100%. Tianjin Haitian Bonded Logistics Co., Ltd., an associate of the Group, recorded an utilisation rate of 64.0% of its warehouses in the first half of the year, representing a decrease attributable to the impact brought by the Tianjian Port Explosion and relevant customs policies in respect of cross-border e-commerce. During the first half of 2017, the total cargo volume handled at the three major air cargo terminals in Hong Kong amounted to 2.04 million tonnes, representing an increase of 9.1% year-on-year. Asia Airfreight Terminal Company Limited, in which the Group has interest, handled a total cargo volume of 0.26 million tonnes, representing a decrease of 11.8% year-on-year, and a market share of 12.7%, down by 3 percentage points year-on-year. For the six months ended 30 June 2017, the Group’s revenueNote 2 amounted to HK$24,288 million, up 14.5% over the same period last year, mainly resulted from an increase in the revenue contribution from China International Marine Containers (Group) Co., Ltd. (“CIMC”) due to the influence of the recovery in global trade. During the period, revenue from core ports operation increased by 1.0% over the same period last year to HK$12,161 million, offset by the influence of RMB depreciation, as a result of a rise in business volume. Profit attributable to equity holders of the Company amounted to HK$3,148 million, up 86.3% over the same period last year, of which the Group completed the disposal of equity interest in CIMC during the current period and recognised disposal gain of approximately HK$813 million. Profit attributable to equity holders of the Company derived from the core ports operation amounted to HK$2,453 million, representing an increase of 18.7% over the same period last year. As at 30 June 2017, total assets of the Group increased by 9.6% from HK$103,113 million as at 31 December 2016 to HK$113,008 million. Net assets attributable to equity holders of the Company was HK$69,795 million as at 30 June 2017, representing an increase of 5.9% from that as at 31 December 2016, mainly resulted from an increase in fair value of the Group’s available-for-sales financial assets and exchange differences from retranslation of foreign investments. In general, the Group’s ports operation continued to yield stable cash inflow. However, due to decrease in dividend receipts from certain associates over the same period last year, the Group’s total net cash inflow from operating activities decreased by 9.3% year-on-year to HK$1,864 million for the six months ended 30 June 2017. Due to the cash received from the disposal of CIMC and the capital expenditure on business acquisitions which was significantly lower than that of the same period last year, the Group has generated net cash inflow of HK$6,532 million from investment activities for the six months ended 30 June 2017, as compared to a net cash outflow of HK$8,523 million in the comparable period. The Group’s net cash inflow from financing activities amounted to HK$3,293 million during the six months ended 30 June 2017, comparing to HK$1,459 million in the same period last year. As at 30 June 2017, the Group had approximately HK$15,424 million in cash, 59.2% of which was denominated in Hong Kong dollars, 3.9% in United States dollars, 36.0% in Renminbi and 0.9% in other currencies. The Group mainly derived its funding sources from its operating activities related to ports operation, bonded logistics operation, property investment, and investment returns from associates and joint ventures, which amounted to HK$1,864 million in total. Note 2 Include revenue of the Company and its subsidiaries, and its share of revenue of associates and joint ventures. Note 3 Net interest-bearing debts divided by total equity. During the period under review, the Group incurred capital expenditure amounted to HK$668 million while the Group continued to adhere to a prudent financial policy and to maintain a sound financial position. In addition, as a significant portion of the Group’s bank loans were medium- to long-term loans, the Group, supported by adequate undrawn bilateral facilities, does not anticipate any difficulty in refinancing its short-term loans while the pressure for repaying the short-term loans is limited. As at 30 June 2017, the Company had 3,128,867,827 shares in issue. During the period, the Company issued 503,135,602 new shares upon conversion of the Mandatory Convertible Securities. The market capitalisation of the Company was HK$67,740 million (based on the closing price) as at 30 June 2017, indicating a significant increase of 34.1% as compared to its market capitalisation of HK$50,519 million as at 30 December 2016 (based on the closing price). On 18 July 2017, the Company issued 43,209,660 shares under the Company’s scrip dividend scheme. As at 30 June 2017, the Group’s net gearing ratioNote 3 was approximately 14.9%. The financial statements of the Group’s foreign investments are in Renminbi, Euro or United States dollars and any exchange difference so arising from retranslation of these financial statements have been dealt with in a reserve of the Group. The Group will keep monitoring market changes and explore on the use of forward exchange contracts, where deemed necessary, in order to hedge foreign exchange risk and to optimise its overall exposure to maintain foreign exchange risk at a manageable level. During the period, the Company issued fixed-rate unlisted notes maturing in 2022 for the amount of RMB2,500 million to finance the Group’s working capital. The Group had aggregate bank loans and listed notes payable of HK$15,127 million as at 30 June 2017 that contain customary cross default provisions. As at 30 June 2017, the Group’s outstanding interest-bearing debts are analysed as below: Floating-rate bank loans which are repayable as follows (Note): Fixed-rate bank loans which are repayable as follows: Fixed-rate listed notes payable which are repayable: In 2018 In 2020 In 2022 In 2025 Fixed-rate unlisted notes payable which are repayable: In 2017 In 2019 In 2022 Loans from an intermediate holding company which are repayable as follows: which are repayable as follows: Note: All bank loans are unsecured except for HK$4,199 million (31 December 2016: HK$4,209 million). The interest-bearing debts are denominated in the following currencies: intermediate As at 30 June 2017 As at 31 December 2016 As at 30 June 2017, the entire shareholdings in two subsidiaries owned by the Company and its subsidiary are pledged to various banks for bank loans of HK$4,199 million (31 December 2016: HK$4,209 million). As at 30 June 2017, the Group employed 5,656 full-time staff, of which 187 worked in Hong Kong, 4,543 worked in Mainland China, and the remaining 926 worked overseas. The remuneration paid for the period amounted to HK$719 million, representing 25.5% of the total operating expenses of the Group. The remuneration policy of the Group is reviewed every year and appropriate adjustments are made to an individual’s remuneration with reference to the Group’s performance, the individual’s performance, the conditions of the human resources market and the general economy. The Group also provides internal training to its staff to enable them to achieve self-improvement and to enhance their job-related skills. Moreover, the Group offers discretionary year-end bonus as a reward to its staff for their efforts and contribution to the Company. The Group also operates a share option scheme, under which qualified staff may exercise their options at an agreed price to subscribe for shares of the Company. The remuneration of directors has been determined with reference to individual’s duties, responsibilities and experience, and to prevailing market conditions. The Group has at all times strived to maintain a good relationship with its employees and is committed to complying with the Employment Ordinance, the Minimum Wage Ordinance and ordinances relating to occupational safety of employees of the Group, so as to safeguard the interests and well-being of its employees. While striving to continuously improve its operating results and generate return for shareholders, the Group also places emphasis on its social responsibilities towards its employees, the community and the environment by contributing to the evolution of our community in a healthier and sustainable direction. In the first half of 2017, aiming at “energy conservation and efficiency enhancement” with “technological innovations” as the means while fulfilling the corporate social responsibility of “conserving energy, reducing emission and carbon footprint, and protecting the environment”, the Group has continued its efforts in promoting the building of green ports by expediting the transformation of our ports, which enables them to become more environment-friendly and energy-conserving. Having become the only state-sponsored demonstration port zone of low-carbon green ports in South China since 2013, the Group’s West Shenzhen Port Zone has been working actively to implement the pilot programs relating to the establishment of low-carbon green ports, focusing on 13 key implementation projects in four major areas, including the transformation of infrastructure, upgrading of logistics equipment, optimisation of energy consumption structure and initiation of intelligent operations. The Company has effectively implemented a total of 11 projects (after adjustments) with a total investment of RMB77.41 million, all of which have been completed. These projects demonstrated the Group’s efforts in establishing a new and modern container port zone that is green, efficient, eco-friendly and sustainable with the use of clean energy and green power. The Group is committed to integrating its corporate values into the community by taking active part in various community and charitable activities, with focuses on education, poverty alleviation, charitable activities and community services among many others to facilitate a harmonious environment and sustainable development of our society. During the first half of the year, CICT in Sri Lanka, a subsidiary of the Group, joined hands with China Merchants Charitable Foundation, to donate Rupees 7.5 million worth of supplies in total to the county council and local government departments of Sri Lanka as well as the Ministry of Disaster Management of Sri Lanka respectively, to help the victims of flooding and landslide regions in Sri Lanka to overcome difficulties. The Company also continued to run the “Shaping Blue Dreams Together — C Blue Restore Sight Project” ( — ), providing free surgeries for 154 local patients, who were poor and suffered from cataract, to recover their sight. Looking into the second half of the year, the global economy will stay on the recovery trajectory, mainly under the influence of the demand side, especially the manufacturing industry with encouraging investment demand, and the global trade volume. The growth rate of the global economy will return to its long-term average. According to IMF, it is expected that the global economy will grow by 3.5% in 2017, up 0.3 percentage point as compared to that in 2016, among which, developed economies are expected to grow by 2.0% (2016: 1.7%), while emerging and developing economies will grow by 4.6% (2016: 4.3%). Chinese economy is expected to experience a moderation in the second half of the year with GDP remaining at the level of 6.7% throughout the year. From the demand perspective, the growth rate of real estate and infrastructure investment will drop, while investment in the manufacturing industry may continue to rise, hence, the overall investment growth rate may slightly increase as compared to that in 2016. The growth rate of consumption will remain steady against the backdrop of consumption upgrade. The economic contribution of import and export will increase with support from the stable external demand. The rebound of demand in shipping industry, further enhancement of container shipment centralisation and the expected improvement of utilisation of dry bulk shipping capacity constitute the key conditions for upward elasticity on shipping freight rate. The industry has entered a phase of structural recovery. As the traditional peak season of container and dry bulk shipment take place in the third and fourth quarter respectively, the recovery of the industry deserves expectation. Moreover, benefitted from the recovery of the shipping industry, it is expected that the port industry will record restorative growth throughout the year. In the second half of the year, the Group will continue to pursue its strategic directives to ensure that all operational targets can be met. To this end, the Group will maintain its strategic positioning and further enhance its target management. Simultaneously, the Group will continue to promote its strategic development plan and step up its efforts in implementing its strategic operation and evaluation system. It will also seek to nurture and explore new drivers for profitability by dedicating more resources in the research of strategic development and deepening the strategic philosophy of the comprehensive port ecosystem and the related implementation plan. The Group will conduct a thorough review on the transformation and innovation of its ports operation, including the expansion into upstream and downstream of ports operation and extension of the industrial chain, with a view to promoting the strategic synergy of related internal and external port resources, thereby forming a database for investment cooperation projects of enterprises providing port and shipping services and recommendation for the implementation of such projects. While staying focused on its core ports operation, the Group will strive to achieve new breakthrough by promoting the development of its key projects. The Group will enhance the overall competitiveness of its homebase port in China and assure the implementation of the consolidation projects. In addition to following up the construction of Tonggu Channel dredging and widening project, the Group will also endeavour to put Tonggu Channel into trial operation for container vessel of 200,000 DWT to navigate therein, and simultaneously complete the construction of the public channel in West Shenzhen Port Zone and the channel dredging and widening projects in the sea area of Chiwan and Shekou. Moreover, by leveraging on the resource advantages of the strong alliance between Shenzhen homebase port and the Pearl River Delta, including the network of inland river terminals, barge transportation, sea- rail intermodal transportations, one-stop logistics, storage and delivery service, freight forwarder and shipping agency, etc., the Group can further improve its service products in relation to cargo collection-distribution, enhance the attractiveness of Shenzhen homebase port for cargo from the Pearl River Delta region as well as reinforce and strengthen the overall servicing capability of Shenzhen homebase port. In addition, the Group will push forward the research on overseas projects in a pragmatic manner by formulating definite development strategy for projects of each region and developing such projects steadily according to the existing strategic deployments. It will also establish a designated team to take full charge of the relevant works of port consolidation with a view to formulating a plan that can benefit all parties. The Group will insist on pursuing innovation and transformation and continue to exert great efforts in building a comprehensive port ecosystem and promoting the operational transformation towards “Port + Project” model. With Shenzhen Haiqin Engineering Supervision & Management Co., Ltd. as the executor, the Group will proactively obtain the relevant qualification for project construction and strive for resource integration along the industrial chain of the upstream and downstream engineering services, thereby effectively transforming from a project supervisory company to a general engineering contractor and hence play a more important role in supporting the strategic development of the Group. In order to strengthen business innovation and development, the Group will endorse the investment needs on technological research and development. It will further facilitate the replication and promotion of the success in “Port+” model and launch pilot projects of “Port+” in respect of grain and timber trading in a bid to achieve integrated innovation and cross-sector integration. Besides, as integration of industry with elements of finance can help optimise asset structure, the Group will analyse, reallocate and optimise its asset structure and financing channels accordingly. Against a backdrop of continuous recovery of the global economy and trade, steady growth of the Chinese economy and changing competitive landscape of the port and shipping market in 2017, the Group will seize new opportunities for its port business to analyse, adjust and optimise its asset structure and financing channels with a view to enhancing its overall return on equity. As always, the Group will endeavour to maximise shareholder value while enhancing profitability, thereby delivering better returns for its shareholders. In order to reward investors’ continuous support of the Group, the Board resolved to declare an interim dividend of 22 HK cents per share, totalling HK$698 million for the six months ended 30 June 2017 (representing a dividend payout of 22.2%) and a special interim dividend of 135 HK cents per share celebrating the 25th listing anniversary of the Company by way of an issue of new shares with an alternative to the shareholders to elect to receive the interim dividend and the special interim dividend (or part thereof) in cash in lieu of such allotment (2016: scrip dividend of 22 HK cents per share by way of issue of new shares equivalent with cash alternative), payable on or around 16 November 2017 to shareholders whose names appear on the register of members of the Company (the “Register of Members”) on 3 October 2017 (the “Scrip Dividend Scheme”). A circular containing details of the Scrip Dividend Scheme together with the relevant election form will be sent to shareholders on or around 6 October 2017. The Scrip Dividend Scheme is conditional upon the granting by the Listing Committee of The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the “Hong Kong Stock Exchange”) of the listing of, and permission to deal in, the new shares to be issued pursuant thereto. It is expected that the interim dividend and the special interim dividend warrants and certificates for the new shares will be despatched to shareholders on or around 16 November 2017. The Register of Members will be closed from 25 September 2017 to 3 October 2017 (both days inclusive), during which no transfer of shares of the Company will be registered. In order to qualify for the interim dividend and the special interim dividend, all transfers and the relevant share certificates must be lodged with the Company’s Share Registrar, Computershare Hong Kong Investor Services Limited, at Shops 1712-16, 17th Floor, Hopewell Centre, 183 Queen’s Road East, Wan Chai, Hong Kong, not later than 4:30 p.m. on 22 September 2017. As at 30 June 2017, the interests of the directors of the Company in the securities of the Company and its associated corporations, within the meaning of Part XV of the Securities and Futures Ordinance (the “SFO”), as recorded in the register maintained by the Company under Section 352 of the SFO were as follows: Number of shares Percentage of aggregate long position in shares held to the issued shares of the Company as at 30 June 2017 Save as disclosed above and based on the register maintained by the Company under section 352 of the SFO, as at 30 June 2017, none of the directors or chief executive of the Company or any of their associates had any interests and short positions in the shares, underlying shares and debenture of the Company or any of its associated corporations (within the meaning of Part XV of the SFO) which are required, pursuant to section 352 of the SFO, to be entered in the register or which are required, pursuant to the Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors of Listed Issuers (the “Model Code”) set out in Appendix 10 to the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange (the “Listing Rules”), to be notified to the Company and the Hong Kong Stock Exchange. Apart from the share option scheme disclosed below, at no time during the current period was any of the Company, its subsidiaries, its fellow subsidiaries or its holding companies a party to any arrangement to enable the directors of the Company to acquire benefits by means of the acquisition of shares in, or debentures of, the Company or any other body corporate. At an extraordinary general meeting of the Company held on 9 December 2011 (the “Adoption Date”), the shareholders of the Company adopted the new share option scheme (the “Share Option Scheme”) and the previous share option scheme was terminated on the same date. Under the Share Option Scheme, the Board may, at their discretion, invite any director or employee of the Company or any of its subsidiaries or associates, to take up options to subscribe for fully paid ordinary shares in the Company subject to the terms and conditions stipulated therein. In view of the on-going support given to the Company by the CMHK Group (representing China Merchants Holdings (Hong Kong) Company Limited (“CMHK”), an intermediate holding company of the Company, together with its subsidiaries (excluding the Group) and associated companies), the Board considered that it is in the best interests of the Company to extend the Share Option Scheme to directors and employees of members of the CMHK Group (together with the directors and employees of the Company, its subsidiaries and associates, the “Eligible Persons”). The life of the Share Option Scheme is 10 years commencing on the Adoption Date and ending on 8 December 2021. All outstanding share options had expired on 25 May 2016. Besides, no share options were granted, exercised, lapsed or cancelled under the Share Option Scheme during the period. Accordingly, there was no outstanding option from 1 January to 30 June 2017. As at 30 June 2017, the following persons, other than a Director or chief executive of the Company, have interest or short position in the shares and underlying shares of the Company as recorded in the register of the Company required to be kept under section 336 of the SFO: Shares/underlying Percentage of China Merchants Steam Navigation China Merchants Holdings (Hong Kong) China Merchants Investment GUOXIN International Investment Notes: Each of China Merchants Steam Navigation Company Limited (“CMSN”) and China Merchants Shekou Industrial Zone Holdings Company Limited (“CMSIZ”) is a subsidiary of China Merchants Group Limited (“CMG”). CMG is deemed to be interested in 1,941,121,828 shares which represents the aggregate of 1,938,121,828 shares deemed to be interested by CMSN (see Note 2 below) and 3,000,000 shares deemed to be interested by CMSIZ (see Note 3 below). China Merchants Holdings (Hong Kong) Company Limited (“CMHK”) is wholly-owned by CMSN. China Merchants Investment Development Company Limited (“CMID”) is in turn wholly-owned by CMHK and China Merchants Union (BVI) Limited (“CMU”) is 50%-owned by CMHK. CMSN is deemed to be interested in 1,938,121,828 shares which are deemed to be interested by CMHK. Such shares represent the aggregate of 911,410,193 shares beneficially held by CMU and 1,026,711,635 shares beneficially held by CMID. Top Chief Company Limited (“Top Chief”) is wholly-owned by CMSIZ and Orienture Holdings Company Limited (“Orienture”) is in turn wholly-owned by Top Chief. CMSIZ is deemed to be interested in the 3,000,000 shares which are deemed to be interested by Top Chief. Such shares represent the 3,000,000 shares beneficially held by Orienture. According to the disclosure of interests form submitted by Pagoda Tree Investment Company Limited (“Pagoda Tree”) on 21 May 2014, 50% interest in CMU is owned by Verise Holdings Company Limited (“Verise Holdings”), which is wholly-owned by GUOXIN International Investment Corporation Limited (“GUOXIN International”), which is in turn 90%-owned by Compass Investment Company Limited (“Compass Investment”), which is in turn wholly-owned by Pagoda Tree. Therefore, each of Verise Holdings, GUOXIN International, Compass Investment and Pagoda Tree is deemed to be interested in the 914,134,878 shares beneficially held by CMU. According to the disclosure of interests form submitted by GUOXIN International on 12 June 2014, 50% interest in CMU is owned by Verise Holdings, which is wholly-owned by GUOXIN International. Therefore, each of Verise Holdings and GUOXIN International is deemed to be interested in the 911,410,193 shares beneficially held by CMU. Save as disclosed above, there was no person, other than a director or chief executive of the Company, who has an interest or short position in the shares and underlying shares of the Company as recorded in the register of the Company kept under section 336 of the SFO. The Board is committed to upholding a high standard of corporate governance practices and business ethics with the firm belief that they are essential for maintaining and promoting investors’ confidence and maximising shareholders’ returns. The Board reviews its corporate governance practices from time to time in order to meet the rising expectations of stakeholders and comply with increasingly stringent regulatory requirements, and to fulfill its commitment to excellence in corporate governance. The Company has adopted the Model Code as the code of conduct regarding securities transactions by the Directors. Having made specific enquiry of all Directors, the Company confirmed that all Directors have complied with the required standard set out in the Model Code during the period. In the opinion of the Directors, the Company has complied with the code provisions set out in the Corporate Governance Code (“Corporate Governance Code”) contained in Appendix 14 to the Listing Rules which sets out the corporate governance principles and the code provisions with which the listed issuers are expected to follow and comply throughout the six months ended 30 June 2017, except the following: - In respect of Code Provision E.1.2 under the Corporate Governance Code, Mr. Li Xiaopeng, the Chairman of the Board, did not attend the annual general meeting of the Company held on 2 June 2017 due to business trip. Mr. Hu Jianhua, the Vice Chairman took the chair of the annual general meeting according to the Company’s Articles of Association. In order to ensure effective communication with the shareholders, chairmen of the Audit, Remuneration and Nomination Committees and the external auditor were present at the annual general meeting of the Company held on 2 June 2017 to answer shareholders’ questions. The current practices of the Company will be reviewed and updated regularly to reflect as much as possible the latest best practices in corporate governance. The audit committee of the Company (the “Audit Committee”) comprises all of the five independent non- executive directors. The Audit Committee has reviewed with management the accounting principles and practices adopted by the Group and discussed auditing, internal control and risk management and financial report matters including the review of the unaudited interim results for the six months ended 30 June 2017 and the 2017 Interim Report. With effect from 15 June 2017, Ms. Shi Wei (“Ms. Shi”) was appointed as Deputy General Manager of China Merchants Capital Investment Co., Ltd. and has resigned as Deputy General Manager of the Company on 21 June 2017. On 1 August 2017, Ms. Shi has also resigned as the Chairman, Director and all Committee Members of Shenzhen Chiwan Wharf Holdings Limited (“Shenzhen Chiwan Wharf”), shares of which are listed on the Shenzhen Stock Exchange. On 7 August 2017, Mr. Wang Zhixian has retired as a Non- executive Director of CIMC, shares of which are listed on both the Shenzhen Stock Exchange and the Hong Kong Stock Exchange. On 23 August 2017, Mr. Bai Jingtao has been proposed for appointment as the Director of Shenzhen Chiwan Wharf. Saved as disclosed above, there is no other information required to be disclosed pursuant to Rule 13.51B(1) of the Listing Rules. Purchase, sale or redemption of the The Company and its subsidiaries have not purchased, sold or redeemed any of the Company’s listed securities during the period. Hong Kong, 31 August 2017 