On behalf of the board of directors (the “Board”) of Multifield International Holdings Limited (the “Company”), I am pleased to present the interim results of the Company and its subsidiaries (the “Group”) for the six months ended 30 June 2017. During the period under reporting, the Group recorded a profit of approximately HK$230 million (2016: HK$174 million), with a substantial increase in profit (approximately 32%) as compared with that of the corresponding period in 2016 which was mainly due to the profit brought by the fair value gains in equity investments (stocks) held by the Group. The Group’s rental income in Hong Kong recorded a decrease of approximately 7%. The Group’s rental and management fee income from hotel-serviced apartments and villas in Shanghai recorded an increase of approximately 6%. The Group’s equity investments recorded a fair value gain of approximately HK$194 million (2016: loss of HK$195 million). Equities investments recorded dividend income of approximately HK$3 million (2016: HK$14 million). As disclosed in the Company’s announcement dated 21 July 2017, the deferred tax credit of approximately HK$253 million from an investment property of the Group in Mainland China, which was credited to the profit or loss account for the six months ended 30 June 2016, was no longer available for the six months ended 30 June 2017. The Group’s investment properties in Hong Kong mainly comprise of office buildings, industrial buildings, retail shops and car parks. The Group’s investment properties portfolio contributed stable rental revenue of approximately HK$32 million for the six months ended 30 June 2017. (2016: HK$35 million) The Group’s construction site at 54 Wong Chuk Hang Road, Hong Kong has completed the superstructure. The construction of the new building is expected to be completed in year 2017/2018. It is expected that the new building will provide a new and stable source of income to the Group. The Group’s properties portfolio in Shanghai, China is divided into three residential complexes, comprising of around 182 blocks of hotel-serviced villas and 132 hotel-serviced apartments respectively. The properties in Shanghai are operated under the name of “Windsor Renaissance”, which is regarded as a symbol of high quality villas and hotel-serviced apartments in Shanghai, and are well recognised by consulates and foreign business entities. The Shanghai properties has an average occupancy rate of approximately 90%, and generates rental and management fee revenue of approximately HK$71 million for the six months ended 30 June 2017 to the Group. (2016: HK$67 million). There are two land banks in Zhuhai, China. 36,808 square meters of commercial use land in Qianshan is now under relocation progress. In July 2015, a new relocation policy has changed the responsibility of relocation from the land department to the local district government. The Group supports the local district government on the relocation work. The Group had submitted a proposal to the local government for the relocation, and had recently had a meeting with the local relocation authorities to follow up the relocation work. Regarding the Group’s other parcel of hotel and commercial use land located in Doumen district, Zhuhai, the PRC (“Doumen Land”), the Group received a letter from the Zhuhai Land Reserve Centre in July 2016 which stated that due to a change in town planning, we are no longer permitted to build hotels and shopping malls on the Doumen Land. The Zhuhai government proposed to either buy back the Doumen Land from the Group or to perform an exchange of land. Recently, the Zhuhai Land Reserve Centre performed a valuation on the Doumen Land, and expressed its wish to buy back the Doumen Land from the Group. Upon the news, the Group also performed a valuation of the Doumen Land and found the valuations to differ vastly. Hence the Group suspects that the valuation performed by the government was improper and that the government’s actions were unlawful. To protect the interests of the Company and its shareholders, the Group had appointed Chinese lawyers to investigate and will take legal action if necessary. The Group will do everything for the benefit of our shareholders and the company. During the period under reporting, equity investments (stocks) held by the Group recorded net fair value gains. As of 30 June 2017, the Group held approximately HK$1,345 million (as of 31 December 2016: HK$1,250 million) of highly liquid equity investments, which mainly consisted of blue chips stocks and Exchange Traded Funds listed in Hong Kong. The equity and bonds investments were held by the Group in long-term for investment purpose and receiving dividend income. The Group’s equity investments recorded a net fair value gain of approximately HK$194 million (2016: loss of HK$195 million) when marking the investment portfolios to market valuation as of 30 June 2017, along with dividend income of approximately HK$3 million (2016: HK$14 million). The equity investments held by the Group as at 30 June 2017 were as follows: Number of shares held as at Percentage of shareholding as at Fair value gain/(loss) for the six months ended Dividends income for the six months ended Fair value/ carrying amount as at (Unaudited) (Unaudited) (Unaudited) Ping An Insurance (Group) Co. of China Ltd. PetroChina Co. Ltd. Other listed securities# Other listed securities mainly represented the Group’s investment in 16 companies whose shares are mainly listed on the Main Board of The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited. The carrying value of each of these investments represented less than 1% of the total assets of the Group as at 30 June 2017. As at 30 June 2017, the equity investments mainly represented listed securities in Hong Kong. The Board acknowledges that the performance of the equity investments may mainly be affected by worldwide economy and the degree of volatility in the Chinese and Hong Kong stock markets, and susceptible to other external factors that may affect their values. In order to mitigate possible financial risk related to the equity investments, the management will closely monitor the performance of respective equity investments and the changes of market condition. The Company will adjust the Company’s portfolio of investments as the Board considers appropriate. On 22 March 2017, an indirect non-wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company had entered into a provisional agreement for sale and purchase with Victoria Palace Limited (the “Vendor”), an independent third party who or which is independent of the Company and its connected persons (within the meaning of the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the “Listing Rules”)), pursuant to which the Vendor agreed to sell and assign, and the Group agreed to purchase and take up an assignment of, the entire issued share capital of Rich Century Development Limited (“Rich Century”) and the right to all debts owing by Rich Century to the Vendor, Rich Century’s previous director and their associates (if any) as at completion free from all encumbrances and third party rights for a consideration of HK$55,000,000. Rich Century is the full legal and beneficial owner and registered owner of Flat A (Including the Bay Window, the Balcony, the Utility Platform thereof and the Air-Conditioning Plant Room Appertaining thereto) on the 30th Floor of Tower 1, Larvotto and Car Parking Space No. 16 on the Ground Floor, Larvotto, No. 8 Ap Lei Chau Praya Road, Hong Kong. Upon completion of the acquisition on 12 July 2017, the Group held the entire issued and outstanding share capital in Rich Century, and Rich Century became an indirect non-wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company and its financial results were consolidated into the consolidated financial statements of the Group. This acquisition did not constitute a notifiable transaction under the Listing Rules. Save as disclosed elsewhere under the section headed “Chairman’s Statement and Management Discussion and Analysis”, the Group had no other material acquisition and disposal of subsidiaries and associated companies during the period. The Group’s monetary assets, liabilities and transactions are mainly denominated in Renminbi, Hong Kong dollar and the United States dollar. The Group is exposed to foreign exchange risk with respect mainly to Renminbi which may affect the Group’s performance. The management is aware of the possible exchange rate exposure due to the continuing fluctuation of Renminbi and will closely monitor its impact on the performance of the Group and when appropriate hedge its currency risk. As of 30 June 2017, the Group has not entered into any financial instrument for foreign currency hedging purpose. The Group generally finances its operations with internally generated cash flows and banking facilities provided by principal bankers in Hong Kong. In order to preserve liquidity and enhance interest yields, liquid assets were maintained in the form of highly liquid equity investments and/or debt investments of approximately HK$1,345 million (as of 31 December 2016: HK$1,250 million) as of 30 June 2017. The Group’s cash and cash equivalents as of 30 June 2017 amounted to approximately HK$272 million (as of 31 December 2016: HK$437 million). As of 30 June 2017, the Group had total bank and other borrowings amounting to approximately HK$1,910 million (as of 31 December 2016: HK$2,052 million), which were secured by legal charges on the Group’s certain investment properties in Hong Kong and Shanghai, and certain equity investments. The Group’s bank borrowings were mainly arranged on a floating rate basis. The maturity of bank and other borrowings of the Group as at 30 June 2017 was as follows: (Unaudited) With the total bank and other borrowings of approximately HK$1,910 million (as of 31 December 2016: HK$2,052 million) and the aggregate of the shareholder funds, non-controlling interests and total bank borrowings of approximately HK$9,130 million (as of 31 December 2016: HK$9,074 million), the Group’s gearing ratio as at 30 June 2017 was around 21% (as of 31 December 2016: 23%). As of 30 June 2017, the Group had no material contingent liability. As of 30 June 2017, the Group had committed payment for the construction and land development expenditure amounting to approximately HK$162 million (as of 31 December 2016: HK$243 million). As of 30 June 2017, the Group had approximately 220 employees in Shanghai, Zhuhai and Hong Kong. During the period, the staff costs (including directors’ emoluments) amounted to approximately HK$7 million (2016: HK$8 million). The objective of the Group’s remuneration policy is to maintain fair and competitive packages based on business requirements and industry practice. In order to determine the level of remuneration paid to its employees (including directors and senior management), their performance, experience and the prevailing market condition are mainly considered. In addition to salaries, provident fund scheme, discretionary bonuses and tuition/training subsidies are available to employees. Level of remuneration is reviewed annually. During the review process, no individual director is involved in decisions relating to his own remuneration. The US Federal Reserve had increased the interest rate again in December 2016, March 2017 and June 2017, and announced the start of shrinking of its balance sheet within the year. As Hong Kong dollar is pegged to the US dollar, Hong Kong may follow to increase its interest rate in the future. These may exert pressure on price on equity investments held by the Group, particular in high-yield equity investments. Besides, the slowdown in growth of Chinese economy may have a significant impact on Hong Kong’s rental market. The investment properties (particularly the small-sized residential units) in Hong Kong had recorded increase in market value in the first half year of 2017. On 4 November 2016, the Hong Kong government announced that the Stamp Duty Ordinance would be amended to increase the ad valorem stamp duty rates for residential property transactions to a flat rate of 15%. Facing the new government policy and with the conditions for potential interest rate increase, investment properties in Hong Kong held by the Group might record decrease in market value as compared to the increase in previous years. The Chinese government expects the economy to grow by around 6.5% in 2017, slightly lower than last year’s 26-year low of 6.7%. In addition to the potential depreciation of Renminbi, retreat of foreign investments from China and intensive competition in rental business in China, these may exert pressure on the revenue from provision of hotel-serviced villas, apartments and property management services in China. Despite of China’s possible slower than expected economic growth, inflationary pressure on salaries, utilities expenses, properties renovation and quality enhancement expenses remains a key challenge to the Group. On 1 May 2016, the final phase of the transition from the Business Tax to Value Added Tax regime took effect and became applicable to the real estate sector, among other industries. The Group has taken appropriate measures to ensure a smooth transition to the new tax regime. The worldwide economy (especially Chinese and Hong Kong’s economy) is performing more and more volatile, with regard to uncertainties brought by policy-driven markets. The Group will adopt its usual prudent capital and funding management to meet the challenges ahead, while strengthening the rental and property development business, and seizing further investment opportunities. 