With China’s growing population, aging society, enhanced public health awareness and improved disposable income, and the government’s deepening advancement of medical reform, China’s healthcare market demand continues to grow, which further drives the medical device market to grow constantly. In recent years, relevant governmental authorities have promulgated a series of strategies, policies and regulations to create a good environment for the development of China’s medical device industry. In the Plan of Healthy China 2030 published by the State Council, it puts emphasis on enhancing the innovation capability for high-end medical devices, accelerating transformation and upgrades of medical devices, and improving the international competitiveness of medical diagnosis and treatment equipment and medical materials with proprietary intellectual property rights. Meanwhile, it also proposed the goals to comprehensively adopt international quality standards in terms of drugs and medical devices by the year 2030. It is therefore expected that high- end medical device industry will be greatly boosted and localized with the fast growth of China’s medical demands, the maturity of medical device technologies and the strong support given by a number of favorable policies. The Company is a leading medical device company in the PRC with focus on fast-growing and high-margin segments of China’s medical device industry. Currently, the Group is principally engaged in two business segments: (i) Regenerative Medical Biomaterial Business and (ii) the Infusion Set Business. As one of the leading domestic companies in the industry, in order to reinforce its leading market position and get prepared to cope with different market challenges, in the first half of 2017, the Group continued to further expand its product portfolio and production capacity, enhance its innovation and R&D capabilities and actively extend its distribution networks. During the Relevant Period, the Group’s revenue from continuing operations was approximately RMB258.3 million, representing a decrease of 2.4% over the corresponding period last year. During the Relevant Period, the Group’s profit for the period from continuing operations and the profit attributable to the owners of the Company from continuing operations were approximately RMB91.5 million and RMB81.7 million, respectively, representing a decrease of 14.5% and 24.3% over the corresponding period last year. During the Relevant Period, the Group’s gross profit from continuing operations was approximately RMB187.8 million, representing a decrease of 4.2% over the corresponding period last year. During the Relevant Period, the Group’s overall gross profit margin was approximately 72.7%. During the Relevant Period, the Regenerative Medical Biomaterial Business and the Infusion Set Business contributed to approximately 48.6% and 50.4% of the Group’s revenue, respectively. For the Regenerative Medical Biomaterial Business, as the largest manufacturer of artificial dura mater in the PRC, the Group has been committed to broadening product portfolio, elevating product quality and upgrading technology for years. As of June 30, 2017, the clinical tests of the second generation of the artificial dura mater have been fully completed and significant progress has been made in respect of the clinical tests of the absorbable oral repair membranes, which can be applied to the new fields of the oral and maxillofacial surgery. In addition, as of June 30, 2017, the Group has conducted R&D for new products and clinical verification of the regenerative medical biomaterials in different fields (including ophthalmology, oral biological isolation membrane and biological bone substitution). For the Infusion Set Business, the Group has been focusing on providing safer and more effective solutions for infusion therapy to reinforce its leading position in the market of advanced infusion medical devices and drive the development of such industry. With the increasing concerns about infusion safety issues, high-end infusion sets will be applied in the market in a wider scope. In the future, the Group will keep focusing on infusion therapy and launch new products for this field, such as disposable intravenous cannula ( ), so as to contribute to the safety and efficiency of China’s medical care. In 2017, the Group further promoted its medical beauty mask brand “LE SEUL” and in a short term, achieved a milestone success. In the first half of 2017, the number of the varieties of our mask products increased to eight, covering the field of basic skincare needs and medium to high-end skincare needs. The Group continued to uphold the rigorous attitude to create medical cosmetic skincare products trusted by consumers, and the quality of such mask products is superior to that of similar products available in the domestic market. As an industry leader in the development of innovative products, the Group has a R&D team comprising approximately 70 experienced members. The team cooperates closely with surgeons, hospitals (especially Class III Grade A hospitals), top university research centers and other research institutions. As of June 30, 2017, the Group owned 74 patents, including 11 for regenerative medical biomaterial products and 63 for advanced infusion set products. Further, the Group has applied for 18 new patents. The Group will continue to invest in product innovation and R&D to maintain and reinforce its leading position in the industry. The Group currently has two experienced, strong and dedicated sales and marketing teams to support and consolidate distribution networks in 31 provinces, municipalities and autonomous regions in China and enhance product promotion for its two business segments. Our core salesmen have an average of 10 years of experience in their respective fields and half of them have medical training background, which would help their professional and efficient communication with doctors and nurses. We have been implementing certain reorganization to the sales teams among different business lines with a view to improving overall sales force efficiency. In 2017, mergers and acquisitions in medical device industry continues to grow, and the momentum for such investment is still strong. The Group will actively grasp the development trend of the industry and continue to seek fast-growing, high-margin and high-potential opportunities within and outside of our current business segments so as to scale up the existing business and expand into new business areas. In February 2017, the Group announced that Beijing Tianxinfu entered into a capital increase agreement with Xinyu Yongshuo Management and Consulting LLP ( ) (“xinyu Yongshuo”), pursuant to which Beijing Tianxinfu issued an aggregate of 11,250,000 new shares to Xinyu Yongshuo at a total consideration of RMB500 million. Upon the completion of such capital increase, the shareholding percentage of the Company (through its subsidiaries) in Beijing Tianxinfu decreased from 100% to 80% and Beijing Tianxinfu remained as a subsidiary of the Company. It is expected that the proceeds from this capital increase of Beijing Tianxinfu will be used for the future development of the regenerative medical biomaterial business and other medical device business of Beijing Tianxinfu and for expansion of the scale of its businesses. For the six months ended june 30, Change % (Restated) Profit attributable to owners of the Company The revenue of the Group from continuing operations decreased by 2.4% from approximately RMB264.5 million for the six months ended June 30, 2016 to approximately RMB258.3 million for the Relevant Period, as a result of the offset of the increase in the sales of the Regenerative Medical Biomaterial Business by the decrease in the sales of the Infusion Set Business. Revenue from the Regenerative Medical Biomaterial Business for the Relevant Period amounted to approximately RMB125.4 million, representing an increase of 13.4% from approximately RMB110.6 million for the six months ended June 30, 2016. The sales increase in the Regenerative Medical Biomaterial Business was mainly contributed by the increase in sales volume due to increased market demand and the Group’s expansion of sales networks. Revenue from the Infusion Set Business amounted to approximately RMB130.3 million for the Relevant Period, representing a decrease of 14.2% from approximately RMB151.9 million for the six months ended June 30, 2016. The sales decrease in the Infusion Set Business was mainly due to governmental control on use of infusion sets and a stronger market competition. The Group’s gross profit from continuing operations decreased by 4.2% from approximately RMB196.1 million for the six months ended June 30, 2016 to approximately RMB187.8 million for the Relevant Period. The gross profit margin of continuing operations decreased from 74.1% for the six months ended June 30, 2016 to 72.7% for the Relevant Period, which was mainly due to the decrease in gross profit margin in the Infusion Set Business. The gross profit margin of the Regenerative Medical Biomaterial Business during the Relevant Period was 84.8%, same as that for the six months ended June 30, 2016. The gross profit margin of the Infusion Set Business during the Relevant Period was 62.1%, representing a decrease from 67.1% for the six months ended June 30, 2016, mainly due to lower proportion of direct sales in this segment. Selling expenses of continuing operations increased by 28.9% from approximately RMB33.6 million for the six months ended June 30, 2016 to approximately RMB43.3 million for the Relevant Period. The selling expenses increase was mainly attributable to the Group’s continued efforts to expand sales network and to conduct marketing promotion. Administrative expenses of continuing operations decreased by 1.0% from approximately RMB32.6 million for the same period in the prior year to approximately RMB32.3 million for the Relevant Period. The decrease was mainly due to the Group’s effective cost control. R&D expenses of continuing operations increased by 16.8% from approximately RMB9.5 million for the same period in the prior year to approximately RMB11.1 million for the Relevant Period, mainly because the Group conducted more R&D activities in the Relevant Period. Income tax expenses of continuing operations for the Relevant Period amounted to approximately RMB18.3 million, representing a decrease of approximately RMB1.7 million as compared with the corresponding period last year, with the effective tax rate increased from 15.7% for the corresponding period last year to 16.7% for the Relevant Period. The main reason for the increase of effective tax rate was the decrease of profit from certain subsidiaries entitled to preferential income tax rate of 15%. Other gains — net for the Relevant Period amounted to approximately RMB7.2 million, representing an increase of approximately RMB2.3 million as compared with the corresponding period last year, mainly due to the increased governmental grants received during the Relevant Period. For the foregoing reasons, the net profit from continuing operations of the Group for the Relevant Period decreased by 14.5%, from approximately RMB107.1 million for the six months ended June 30, 2016 to RMB91.5 million for the Relevant Period. Profit attributable to owners of the Company arises from continuing operations decreased by 24.3% from approximately RMB108.0 million for the six months ended June 30, 2016 to RMB81.7 million for the Relevant Period, mainly due to Xinyu Yongshuo’s acquisition of minority interest in Beijing Tianxinfu. The Group’s trade receivables were primarily the outstanding proceeds from credit sales. As of June 30, 2017, the trade receivables of the Group were approximately RMB210.1 million, representing a decrease of approximately RMB3.2 million as compared to approximately RMB213.3 million as of December 31, 2016. As of June 30, 2017, other receivables of the Group were approximately RMB59.1 million, representing a decrease of approximately RMB414.1 million, as compared to approximately RMB473.2 million as of December 31, 2016. The decrease was mainly due to the receivables of RMB438.8 million of Shenzhen Bone Medical Device Co., Ltd. ( ), Tianjin Walkman Biomaterial Co., Ltd. ( ) and Lhasa Tianqiong Investment Management Co., Ltd. ( ), which were settled in cash and received by the Group due to the disposal of such companies. Inventories increased by 19.2%, from approximately RMB53.7 million as of December 31, 2016 to approximately RMB64.0 million as of June 30, 2017. The increase of inventories was mainly due to the increase in finished goods for meeting potential market demand. Property, plant and equipment included buildings, machinery and equipment and construction in progress. As of June 30, 2017, the property, plant and equipment of the Group amounted to approximately RMB830.4 million, representing an increase of approximately RMB143.2 million, as compared to approximately RMB687.2 million as of December 31, 2016. The increase was primarily due to the construction and procurement of new facilities and production lines for expansion of production capacities. The Group’s intangible assets mainly included goodwill, technology know-how, trademarks, computer software and customer relationship. The Group’s goodwill, technology know-how and trademarks were mainly identified and recorded during the purchase accounting process for the acquisition of subsidiaries. The goodwill is subject to impairment test at each period end, while the technology know-how and trademarks are amortised with straight line method for 15 years. As of June 30, 2017, the net value of the Group’s intangible assets was approximately RMB828.3 million, representing a decrease of approximately RMB13.1 million as compared to approximately RMB841.4 million as of December 31, 2016. The decrease was primarily due to the amortisation of the intangible assets during the Relevant Period. As at June 30, 2017, the Group’s cash and bank balances amounted to approximately RMB415.7 million (December 31, 2016: approximately RMB149.6 million). As of June 30, 2017 and as of December 31, 2016, the Group’s bank borrowing balances were both nil. The Board is of the view that the Group is in a strong and healthy financial position and has sufficient resources to support its operations and meet its foreseeable capital expenditures. During the Relevant Period, the net cash generated from operating activities amounted to approximately RMB62.0 million, representing a decrease of approximately RMB57.3 million as compared to approximately RMB119.3 million for the corresponding period last year. Save as those disclosed in Note 24 to the Group’s interim condensed consolidated financial information, during the Relevant Period, the Group has not entered into any off-balance sheet guarantees or other commitments to guarantee the payment obligations of any third party. It does not have any interest in any unconsolidated entity that provides financing, liquidity, market risk or credit support to it or engages in leasing, hedging, R&D or other services with it. As of June 30, 2017, the Group had a total capital commitment of approximately RMB117.7 million, comprising mainly contracted capital expenditure for construction and acquisition of property, plant and equipment. Save as those disclosed in Note 24 to the Group’s interim condensed consolidated financial information, the Group had no material contingent liability or guarantee to third parties as of June 30, 2017. During the Relevant Period, the Group incurred capital expenditure of approximately RMB147.4 million (for the six months ended June 30, 2016: approximately RMB152.3 million) on the expansion of the plants and procurement of equipments. The Group monitors capital on the basis of gearing ratio. This ratio is calculated as total borrowings divided by total capital. Since there was no borrowing as at June 30, 2016 and 2017, the gearing ratio was nil. The Group mainly operated its business in the PRC and was exposed to foreign exchange risk arising from various currency exposures, primarily with respect to the Hong Kong dollar and the United States dollar during the Relevant Period. Foreign exchange risk arose from foreign currencies held in certain overseas subsidiaries. The Group did not hedge against any fluctuation in foreign currency during the Relevant Period. The management of the Group may consider entering into currency hedging transactions to manage the Group’s exposure towards fluctuations in exchange rates in future. The currencies in which the cash and cash equivalents are denominated have been disclosed in Note 14 to the Group’s interim condensed consolidated financial statements. Other than bank balances with variable interest rates, the Group had no other significant interest-bearing assets. The management of the Group does not anticipate any significant impact to interest-bearing assets resulting from the changes in interest rates because the interest rates of bank balances are not expected to change significantly. The Group’s interest rate risk arises from borrowings. Borrowings issued at variable rates exposed the Group to cash flow interest rate risk, which is partially offset by cash held at variable rates. Borrowings obtained at fixed rates exposed the Group to fair value interest rate risk. As the Group incurred no borrowing as at June 30, 2017, the Group has not hedged its cash flow and fair value interest rate risks. The carrying amounts of cash and cash equivalents, available-for-sale financial assets, term deposits and trade and other receivables represent the Group’s maximum exposure to credit risk in relation to its financial assets. The objective of the Group’s measures to manage credit risk is to control potential exposure to recoverability problems. The credit risk of bank balances and available-for-sale financial assets is limited because the counterparties are commercial banks with good reputation, acceptable credit rating and being publicly listed. In respect of trade and other receivables, individual credit evaluations are performed on all customers and counterparties. These evaluations focus on the counterparty’s financial position, past history of making payments and take into account information specific to the counterparty as well as pertaining to the economic environment in which the counterparty operates. Monitoring procedures have been implemented to ensure that follow-up action is taken to recover overdue debts. We grant credit limits to certain customers in consideration of their payment history and business performance. Prepayment is usually required for orders placed over credit limits. In addition, the Group reviewed the recoverable amount of each individual trade and other receivable balance at the end of the Relevant Period to ensure that adequate impairment losses are made for irrecoverable amounts. 