Interim Report 2017 Tianyun International Holdings Limited (the “Company”) and its subsidiaries (collectively referred to as the “Group”) are principally engaged in (i) the production and sales of processed fruit packaged in metal containers, plastic cups and glass containers and (ii) trading of fresh fruit. Processed fruit is sold both on an OEM basis and under our own brands. On 7 July 2015, the Group was successfully listed on the Main Board of The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited which had further consolidated our leading position in China’s processed fruit product industry. During the six months ended 30 June 2017 (the “Review Period”), the Group was awarded “2017 China’s Most Promising Listed Companies (2017 )” by Forbes China, becoming one of the three food enterprises recognised for its excellence, making the Group the only growth enterprise in China’s processed fruit industry to be recognised for its excellence, further cementing the Group’s position as a market leader. The Group has been consistently committed to provide healthy and safe products to its customers. As one of the food enterprises with the most complete quality certifications, we have always been dedicated to following stringent international production standards and are accredited with BRC (A+), IFS Food (High), FDA, HALAL, SC, KOSHER, BSCI and ISO22000 in respect of our production facilities, quality control and management. The Group has also passed the internal food production standard reviews and audits from some of the UK and US supermarket chains. At the same time, within China, as a “Equal production line; Equal standard; Equal quality” food production and export enterprise, the Group has been supplying products of equivalent quality to domestic and international markets. Since 2016, the Group’s own brand processed fruit products have continued to obtain a high degree of market recognition, and have been awarded by a national institution the honour and qualification of “China Canned Product Quality Certification Label”, becoming the first and only fruit processor in China’s fruit processing industry to put the “Zero Added Preservative Canned Products” label for its products sold in China. During the Review Period, the global economy experienced a recovery, although some uncertainties remain. U.S. economic policies under President Donald Trump, based on tax cuts and infrastructure spending, has yet to yield substantial results, while Brexit negotiations maintain pressure on global markets. During the Review Period, the Chinese economy has maintained a positive momentum, as the pace of structural adjustment and transformative upgrade of the food industry continues to accelerate, and food safety is increasingly valued. In April of this year, the General Office of the State Council of the People’s Republic of China issued the Notice on Arrangements for Focused Work on Food Safety for 2017. The key works include strengthening the establishment of rule of law for food safety, improving food safety standards and implementing a food safety responsibility system, and striving for further assurance on the work of food safety advancement. Under these conditions, the Group has strived to develop its businesses, adopt a proactive approach in business, and maintained a strategy of parallel development of its own brand and OEM business. During the Review Period, the revenue from OEM sales and own brand business sales accounted for 45.5% and 40.4% respectively of the Group’s total revenue. All levels in the Group showed solidarity. We continued to expand our online and offline operations, thus allowing our sales results to perform steadily and rise continuously, with period on period revenue realising double- digit growth rate. Our revenue and adjusted gross profit grew 11.6% and 2.3% respectively to RMB343.3 million and RMB92.7 million, of which revenue from our own brand business soared by 53.9% to RMB138.7 million. During the Review Period, the Group has maintained a strong effort in developing and establishing our own brands, including “ (Tiantong Times)”, “ (Bingo Times)”, and “ ”. Income from products has grown steadily, and the momentum of development is strong. In the first half of this year, revenue from its own brand business even experienced a period on period growth of 53.9% to RMB138.7 million. The Group has actively participated in various trade fairs, opened up sales channels with good potential, and continuously expanded the sales network, in order to enhance the profile of our own brands. During the 42nd International Food and Beverage Exhibition held in Japan in March 2017, the Group was pleased to be able to attract clients, orders and enquiries through a variety of sales efforts; the Group took part in the 96th China Food and Drinks Fair held in Chengdu in April, receiving widespread attention from numerous businesses and clients, and successfully signed contracts with 22 new distributors; Additionally, the Group’s “ (Tiantong Times)”, “ ”, and “ (Bingo Times)” brands made a glamorous appearance in the PLMA’s 2017 “World of Private Label” International Trade Show held in Amsterdam, the Netherlands in May 2017, attracting businesses from various countries and regions to interact and explore business opportunities, which will help to spur the Group’s own brands in its march towards broader international markets. Since 2016, in order to cater to the consumption patterns of the younger generations of consumers in their 20s and 30s, the Group has put a great effort in developing online sales channels and focusing on e-commerce platforms such as WeChat Business ( ). The Group also set up a special “E-Commerce Commission” to manage and control its WeChat sales team. At the same time, the Group has provided special offers to online members, including the sales of limited editions of new fruit products and product customisation. Our online sales during the Review Period has already exceeded that of the entire year in 2016, soaring to RMB32.5 million, representing approximately 11.0% of the revenue from processed fruit products during the Review Period. While we have been working hard in developing online sales channels, the traditional offline sales channels remain more mature and we have spared great effort in expanding such channels. We continued to achieve positive progress and the Group’s own brand continued to utilise the new distribution system. During the Review Period, the Group spent approximately RMB4.8 million in building the brand “ (Bingo Times)” through organising promotion events with distributors and offering free trial products to potential customers in our target markets. As of the date of this report, our number of distributors has raised to 160, and the sales network of our own brand has now covered 21 provinces, direct-controlled municipalities, and autonomous regions in China as well as the Hong Kong and Macau markets. Additionally, the Group has been successfully opened up the overseas markets under the brand of “ (Tiantong Times)”, which has entered into the Hong Kong and Macau markets, and can be found on the shelfs of over 1,300 points of sales including Wellcome Supermarkets, 7-11 convenience stores, AEON stores, O’farm organic stores, and VanGO convenience stores of Vanguard. Based on our commitment to full compliance with international processed food quality and safety standards, the Group always conducts stringent testing on fresh fruits provided by suppliers. In order to ensure the quality of raw materials, the Group only purchased the fruits when the tests are passed. The Group has attracted internationally renowned clients and gradually become one of the leaders in the processed food industry in China through its competitive advantages as a reliable and full-service OEM supplier. We have consistent quality, comprehensive international industrial certifications and rich product lines. During the Review Period, our OEM business has continued to provide a stable revenue for the Group which amounted to RMB156.3 million. The amount is only 91.6% of revenue for the same period last year due to our strategy in prioritising production capacity to products under our own brand business. This is commensurate with our business strategy of increasing the market penetration and expanding the revenue share of our own brand business. During the Review Period, the Group also prioritised the OEM orders to direct overseas customers. Our revenue from direct overseas customers increased by 30.8% to approximately RMB34.4 million. Interim Report 2017 The Group selected and resold a small portion of the fresh fruit to fresh fruit wholesalers in the PRC. During the Review Period, the revenue from trading of fresh fruit and others was approximately RMB48.3 million, representing 14.1% of the Group’s total revenue. As the share of revenue from our own brand product sales continued to increase, the share of revenue from the fresh fruit sales segment continued to decrease comparing to the same period of 2016. The Group continues to improve production facilities to enhance its production efficiency and quality. Upgrading and transformation of production workshops No. 1 and No. 2 have been completed, which further enhance production efficiency and level of automation, while production workshops No. 3 and No. 4 have also formally commenced production last year, and the Group is also actively driving the design work for production workshops No. 5 and No. 6. During the Review Period, annual designed production capacity of the Group has reached 84,000 tons. Meanwhile, the Group has consistently and strictly complied with the Food Safety Law of the People’s Republic of China ( ) and the Regulation on the Implementation of the Food Safety Law of the People’s Republic of China ( ), and introduced more advanced quality control equipment such as gas chromatograph-mass and liquid chromatograph-mass spectrometer for detecting pesticide residues; atomic fluorescence and adoption spectrometer for detecting heavy metal; and X-ray machines that are used for detecting impurities during the packaging process, as we strive to further enhance the safety levels of production ingredients and food production, and strengthen the Group’s competitiveness. In order to grasp market demand, the Group has rolled out a diverse range of new products with different flavours, including the “ (Stewed pears soup with crystal sugar)” under the “ (Bingo Times)” brand and the “ (One-can-one-code Bonus Reward)” series of processed fruit products. During the Review Period, the Group entered into an industry-university research collaboration agreement with the Life Science Institute of Linyi University, Shandong Province. Both parties agreed to commence full cooperation in areas such as scientific research, innovative development, educational teaching, and talents development, as well as forming an industry-university research base that includes sharing of research results and big data. During the Review Period, we have been and are continuing to research and development new processed fruit products, including a trans fat-free snack made 100% from fruits which is very similar to fruit ice creams, and fruit jellies. The Group will continue to roll out new types of snack products under our own brand, in order to satisfy and suit the tastes and demands of different consumer groups, particularly the younger consumers. Looking forward to the second half of the year, as economic development appears to take a stable foothold, there is a clearer rising trend in domestic consumption in China. Coupled with China’s consumers having an increasing awareness for the pursuit of healthiness, more and more people are beginning to understand that canned fruits are just as healthy and nutritious as fresh fruits. The change in their perceptions of canned fruits would bring new opportunities to the industry. Meanwhile, we have noticed that within the big data concerning on food safety, the level of concern for fruits is relatively high. As the only enterprise in the processed fruit industry to be awarded the “China Canned Product Quality Certification Label” ( ) qualification by the China Canned Food Industry Association, the Group will, on the basis of our current work, further strengthen supervision of food safety standards, and make strong efforts in promoting our safe, healthy, and quality products, in order to direct the sustainable growth of the Group’s businesses. In future, the Group will continue our strategy of parallel development of our own brand and OEM businesses, in order to further cement the Group’s position as a market leader. For our own brand business, the Group will continue to promote and advertise our brands “ (Bingo Times)”, “ ”, “ (Tiantong Times)”, and “ ”, and the products from these lines. In addition to accelerating the establishment of the offline sales network in China and in Hong Kong and Macau, the Group will also be more active in participating in large scale food exhibitions and trade fairs around the world, so as to strengthen the image of our brands in the global market. Meanwhile, in order to match the consumption patterns of the younger generations, the Group will use precision marketing on e-commerce platforms such as WeChat Business ( ) and Tmall ( ) to promote its own brand product. We hope that the integration of branding and technology could promote a deeper interaction between online and offline market and build a more comprehensive and efficient O2O processed food market, and create new development and momentum for the Group. According to a report by a research and consulting firm, Frost & Sullivan, current consumption per capita of canned fruit products in China is lower than that in developed countries, thus it is expected that there is enormous room for growth for the consumption per capita of canned fruit products in China. Furthermore, China was the largest fresh fruit producer, and manufacturer and exporting country of canned fruit in the world in 2013. China’s production of major types of fresh fruits, such as peaches, apples, and pears, occupy shares of more than 50% of global production. In terms of product types, in order to follow the transformations of the consumer market and support diversification of product varieties, the Group will expand its supply chain of processed fruit products through introducing more fruit types and continuing to develop new products. At the same time, the Group will actively seek industrial partnership opportunities and potential acquisitions under the premise that cooperation can maximize the overall operating efficiency and produce synergies. The Group is actively pursuing the acquisition of a company engaged in production and sales of processed fruit including mandarin orange in subtropical zone of China. Currently the preparation work has been progressing well. The Group targets to complete the potential acquisition as soon as possible by the end of this year, in order to add further types of fruit products, stabilise and increase our production capacity, and satisfy the market demand. As a renowned food processor in China, we will continue to supply consumer with safe, nutritious, delicious and convenient processed fruit products based on our highest mission of safe and healthy food production. As to the overall development of the Group, we will make a balance on our domestic and international businesses considering the benefits on each side, we would strive to become one of the leading companies in the sector in China in the short to medium term, and bring to shareholders and investors long term, sustainable and stable investment returns. The Board has also resolved to pay an interim dividend of HK1.6 cents per share, which represents 26.0% of the net profit of the Review Period. To express the full confidence of the management in the Group’s development, the Group’s chairman and controlling shareholder, Mr. Yang Ziyuan, has increased his holdings by a total of 1,450,000 shares between June and July 2017, providing the most substantial assurance and support to the Group and its investors. Interim Report 2017 During the six months ended 30 June 2017, our revenue increased to approximately RMB343.3 million from approximately RMB307.6 million for the six months ended 30 June 2016, representing an increase of approximately RMB35.7 million or 11.6%. The Company continued to sell its processed fruit products on both OEM basis and under its own brand, and engaged in trading of fresh fruits. The increase in revenue was mainly attributable to (i) the substantial increase in the sales of our own brand products from approximately RMB90.1 million for the six months ended 30 June 2016 to approximately RMB138.7 million for six months ended 30 June 2017, representing a growth of Breakdown of the revenue by business segments for the six months ended 30 June 2017 and the comparative figures in 2016 are set out as follows: For the six months (14.3) (8.4) During the Review Period, processed fruit products sold under our own brand accounted for 40.4% (2016: 29.3%) of the total revenue and the sales of our own brand products have become the Group’s key segment. The substantial increase was contributed by the continuous increase in the number of new distributors and the growth of sales from most of the existing distributors. The number of our distributors increased from 126 as at the date of last annual report to 160 as at the date of this report. The revenue through online channels also grew substantially in the Review Period and represented 11.0% of our revenue from processed fruit products. Processed fruit products sold on an OEM basis continued to contribute a significant portion of the total revenue of the Group and represented 45.5% (2016: 55.5%) of the total revenue during the six months ended 30 June 2017.Our processed fruit products are sold to international well-known brand owners either by our Group directly to overseas brand owners, or through third party trading entities in the PRC and other countries. We also sold fresh fruit products and the revenue contributed by fresh fruit sales and others represented 14.1% of the total revenue for the six months ended 30 June 2017 (2016: 15.2%). Revenue from fresh fruit sales and others for the six months ended 30 June 2017 was broadly in line with same period of last year. For the six months (8.0) (14.4) (3.6) (33.3) (1.4) (1.5) Adjustment: Release of provision for social insurance (0.1) (3.6) Gross profit for the six months ended 30 June 2017 slightly decreased to approximately RMB92.8 million from approximately RMB94.2 million for the six months ended 30 June 2016, representing a period on period decrease of RMB1.4 million, or 1.5%. If the one-off adjustment with regard to the release of provision for social insurance and related contributions is excluded, the adjusted gross profit for the Review Period increased by approximately RMB2.1 million to RMB92.7 million. The increase was mainly driven by increase in revenue which was offset by the overall decrease in gross profit margin. For the six months Gross profit margin for the Review Period decreased from 30.6% to 27.0%. Although the Group has increased the proportion of revenue from the products packaged in plastic containers that have a higher gross profit margin and controlled effectively the usage of utilities, the key components of cost of sales have increased, including fruit raw materials, sugar, containers, packaging materials, supplements, depreciation expenses and direct labour costs. While the Group was able to transfer some of the costs to the overseas OEM customers by increasing the selling price, the Group did not raise the price on its own brand products during the Review Period due to its strategies to attract more quality distributors and penetrate the China market in a faster pace. Selling and distribution expenses mainly include the transportation costs, promotion expenses, advertising expenses, and salary expenses and related staff costs from sales and marketing department. For the six months ended 30 June 2017, the selling and distribution expenses amounted to approximately RMB10.3 million, representing a period on period increase of approximately RMB5.2 million, or 102.0%. The increase was mainly due to the brand building expenses in connection with offering free trial products amounting to approximately RMB4.8 million (2016: Nil). Interim Report 2017 General and administrative expenses mainly include salary expenses and related staff costs for management and administrative departments, professional fees, agency and consulting fees, depreciation, foreign exchange differences, and various taxes with regard to the use of land and buildings. The amount increased from RMB7.3 million for the six months ended 30 June 2016 to RMB14.4 million for the six months ended 30 June 2017. During the Review Period, an exchange loss of RMB1.3 million was reported in the general and administrative expenses while an exchange gain of RMB5.3 million was reported during the same period of 2016. The exchange difference mainly arose from bank balances and account receivables denominated in HKD and USD, and the depreciation trend of HKD and USD against RMB during first half of 2017. Without taking into account the exchange gain or loss, general and administrative expenses slightly increased from RMB12.6 million for the six months ended 30 June 2016 to RMB13.1 million for the Review Period, representing only a 4.0% period on period increase. Income tax expenses represent the PRC enterprise income tax of our PRC subsidiaries. For the six months ended 30 June 2017, our income tax expenses decreased by RMB3.1 million, or approximately 16.5%, to RMB15.7 million from RMB18.8 million for the six months ended 30 June 2016. The decrease in the income tax expenses was primarily due to the decrease in our profit before tax during the Review Period. For the six months (9.4) (15.2) Adjustments: Release of provision for social insurance (0.1) (3.6) (5.3) For the six months ended 30 June 2017, net profit decreased by approximately RMB9.4 million or 15.2% to approximately RMB52.3 million as compared to approximately RMB61.7 million for the six months ended 30 June 2016. Notwithstanding the Group’s effective control in the selling and distribution expenses, and the general and administrative expenses, the net profit during the Review Period dropped due to several non-recurring or one-off expenses. If the release of provision for social insurance and related contributions, foreign exchange differences and new brand building expenses are excluded, the adjusted net profit for the Review Period increased by RMB5.5 million or 10.4% to approximately RMB58.3 million, which is broadly in line with the revenue growth. The net profit margin and adjusted net profit margin for the Review Period were 15.2% (2016: 20.1%) and 17.0% (2016: 17.2%) respectively. The Group principally meets the requirements on its working capital and other liquidity requirements through a combination of operating cash flows, capital contributions and bank and other borrowings. As at 30 June As at 31 December Gearing ratio (%) Cash and cash equivalent (RMB million) Net current assets (RMB million) The gearing ratio of the Group as at 30 June 2017 was 15.0% (31 December 2016: 17.2%). Gearing ratio was calculated based on total debts divided by total equity. The amount of total debts was calculated by aggregating the bank and other borrowings and the non-trade nature of amount due to a related company. The current ratio (calculated based on total current assets divided by total current liabilities) of the Group as at 30 June 2017 was 3.49 (31 December 2016: 3.23). As at 30 June 2017, our cash and cash equivalents amounted to approximately RMB207.4 million (31 December 2016: RMB224.0 million). Our net current assets was approximately RMB278.1 million as at 30 June 2017, as compared to approximately RMB258.4 million as at 31 December 2016. The quick ratio (calculated based on total currents assets minus inventory divided by total current liabilities) of the Group as at 30 June 2017 was 2.82 (31 December 2016: 2.67). With stable cash inflows generated in the daily business operation, plus the net proceeds raised from listing, the Group has sufficient resources for future expansion. The Group manages its capital structure to maintain a balance between the equity and debts which makes adjustment to the capital structure in light of the changes in economic conditions affecting the Group. The Group has not experienced any material difficulties or adverse effects on its operations or liquidity as a result of fluctuations in currency exchange rates during the six months ended 30 June 2017. Interim Report 2017 The Group’s total equity and liabilities amounted to approximately RMB595.7 million and RMB118.0 million, respectively as at 30 June 2017 (31 December 2016: RMB566.2 million and RMB129.5 million, respectively). As at 30 June 2017, the total amount of an interest-bearing bank borrowing and other borrowings from a leasing company of the Group was RMB89.3 million (31 December 2016: RMB97.2 million). Net finance costs of the Group decreased from RMB1.6 million for the six months ended 30 June 2016 to RMB0.3 million for the six months ended 30 June 2017, representing a decrease of approximately RMB1.3 million or 81.3%. Such decrease was mainly attributable to the increase in capitalization of borrowing costs of RMB1.9 million which is partly offset by the increase in interest expenses of RMB0.6 million. The weighted effective interest rate of bank and other borrowings was 5.4% per annum as at 30 June 2017 (31 December 2016: 5.3% per annum). The Group pledged its land and buildings as collateral for the bank borrowing and certain plant and equipment, office and computer equipment and furniture and fixtures for borrowings from a leasing company. As at 30 June 2017, the net book value of pledged land and buildings, and plant and equipment amounted to approximately RMB101.1 million. (As at 31 December 2016: RMB105.9 million). During the Review Period, the Group did not have any significant capital expenditure and certain plant, machinery and equipment of approximately RMB2.3 million were purchased. We also spent approximately RMB4.0 million on a road improvement work in our headquarter in Linyi City of Shandong Province. The Group has not used any derivatives to hedge against interest rate risk. The interest rate risk of the Group arises from the bank balances at floating interest rates and the bank and other borrowings. The bank borrowing obtained at variable rate exposes the Group to cash flow interest rate risk which is partially offset by the bank balances held at variable rates. The borrowings of the Group from a leasing company at fixed rates also expose the Group to fair value interest rate risk. During the Review Period, the bank and other borrowings of the Group at variable rates and fixed rates were all denominated in Renminbi. The cash deposits placed with banks generate interest at the prevailing market interest rates. The Group mainly operates in the PRC and most of the transactions are conducted in Renminbi. The Group is exposed to foreign exchange risk arising from various currency exposures, primarily with respect to bank deposits and trade receivables denominated in United States dollar and Hong Kong dollar. Foreign exchange risk also arises from sales transactions in foreign currencies with overseas customers which have been mostly conducted in United States dollars. The monetary assets of the Group were denominated in Hong Kong dollars, Renminbi and United States dollars. The Group has not implemented any hedging measures to mitigate the aforesaid foreign exchange risk. As at 30 June 2017, the number of employees of the Group was 650 (31 December 2016: 573). The increase in headcount was mainly from production function that was attributable to the opening of No. 3 and No. 4 workshops. The total staff costs, including Directors’ emoluments, amounted to approximately RMB13.2 million for the Review Period (the six months ended 30 June 2016: approximately RMB8.5 million). The emoluments payable to the Directors are subject to their respective terms of engagement approved by the Remuneration Committee and the Nomination Committee, having regard to the operating results of the Group, the performance of individual Directors and comparable market statistics. The Group implements remuneration policy, bonus and share option scheme with reference to the performance of the Group and individual employees. The Group also provides insurances, medical benefits and retirement funds to employees so as to sustain the competitiveness of the Group. As at 30 June 2017, the Group did not have other material capital commitments. In addition, the Group did not have any material outstanding contingent liabilities. The capital commitments contracted for but not yet incurred and provided for as of 30 June 2017, amounted to approximately RMB12.2 million (31 December 2016: RMB18.4 million) and mainly comprised the committed expenditure of machines and equipments, and building and leasehold component for the integrated development centre. During the six months ended 30 June 2017, the Group did not have any material acquisitions or disposals of subsidiaries or associated companies. The Group placed a refundable balance of RMB42.0 million at the PRC government in preparation for participating in the auction for a parcel of land close to our existing production facilities in 2015 and went on with the land acquisition for our No. 5 and No. 6 production workshops during the Review Period. As of the date of this report, no further consideration has been paid. The Group intends to acquire a company in the PRC which is principally engaged in the production and sales of processed fruit products (the “Target Company”). The Target Company is based in the central part of the PRC and has its own production facilities. Through the acquisition, the Company can establish a production and distribution base in the central part of the PRC for further business expansion and development of subtropical processed fruit products. The Group is currently in the process of conducting legal and financial due diligence on the Target Company. As at the date of this report, a non-legally-binding agreement has been entered into between the Group and the owners of the Target Company. Further details will be announced in accordance with the Listing Rules in due course once the intended acquisition is confirmed. Interim Report 2017 The Group is principally engaged in the sales and manufacture of processed fruits products and trading of fresh fruits. It will be exposed to a variety of key risks including credit risk, interest risk, liquidity risk, operational risk and market risk. The Group has also identified the following critical risks in connection with its business: The risk in respect of product quality and food safety refers to the defect in products or failure of meeting relevant standards, or the risk in respect of raw materials, production process and other product-related food safety issues. Risk Management Measures: The Group is committed to provision of healthy and safe products for customers in strict compliance with international production standards and obtaining BRC(A+), IFS food (High), HALAL, QS, KOSHER and ISO22000 certificates for production facilities, quality control and management. The Group will continue to strengthen regulation over procurement of raw and auxiliary materials, selection of suppliers, training to staff on quality control. The Group may expand its production capacity and enrich its product category through acquiring other food processing and manufacturing enterprises in the next few years. Acquisitions may be subject to risks including unforeseeable litigations, conflict between the culture of acquisition target and existing culture, poor financial position of acquisition target, and excessive distraction of the Group’s resources and management’s concern in acquisition. Risk Management Measures: The Group will engage professionals in acquisition to conduct due diligence and assess the acquisition targets to reduce potential risks of acquisitions including litigation risks and financial disputes. The Group may retain the original qualified management of the target group to ensure management stability of the target group as far as possible. The Group will continue its strategy to develop the OEM and own brand business in parallel. Brand publicity risk refers to the risk of brand reputation’s (including the extent or coverage of brand influence) failure of meeting expectations due to lack of brand promotion strategy or supporting resources. Risk Management Measures: The Group has vigorously consolidated its own brand product business, and engaged professional public relation companies to handle the possible critical incidents prejudicial to the Group’s image. Internally, the Group has also arranged personnel to collect adverse reports on the Group and submit the same to the management in a prompt manner, and the management will deal with the matter in accordance with the policies and processes of the Group. The Group enhances its brand reputation and influence through proactively attending the industry forum and other activities as organised by the China Canned Food Industry Association. Moreover, the Group plans to engage professionals in brand building. The above are not intended to be an exhaustive list of all principal risks and uncertainties facing the Group. These may change over time as new risks and uncertainties emerge and others cease to be of concern. 