The principal activities of the Group are property development, sale of doors and windows and earthwork engineering business. At the beginning of 2013 (the “Year”), with the sales volume and price in the real estate sales market of different cities coming to two extremes, the PRC government implemented different control policies according to different city scales. Firstly, overall control over first-tier cities was tightened, greater control was also exerted over second-tier cities with new measures promulgated during the same period, while only moderate adjustments were made in third or fourth-tier cities when appropriate. After the National People’s Congress and Chinese People’s Political Consultative Conference (the “Two Meetings”), the new government focuses on the construction of social housing to improve the long-term housing system. Under such economic environment and policies, the sales of high-end and residential properties experienced a slow growth. Accordingly, the sales of such properties of the Company were affected. In response to this trend, the Group actively adjusted its sales strategies, including the adjustment of product structure and construction of the commercial street, so as to keep up with the construction schedule and get ready for the forthcoming peak season in the real estate industry. Among the finished construction projects of the Group, more potential customers will be attracted to the Kai Shi Xi Jun project area as its ancillary facilities become more comprehensive. The brand recognition of the project will also improve gradually and thus foster further sales activities. During the year ended 31 December 2013, Kai Shi Construction & Engineering developed its business rapidly. More professional qualifications were obtained gradually, details of which are set out in the paragraph headed “Earthwork Engineering” below. Kai Shi Jia Nian Phase I (completed property) Kai Shi Jia Nian Phase I occupies a site area of approximately 97,318 square meters (“sq.m.”) and has an aggregate gross floor area (the “GFA”) of approximately 155,186 sq.m. It mainly comprises 13 blocks of low-rise apartments, 5 blocks of mid-rise apartments, 2 blocks of high-rise apartments, a 2-storey basement comprising 796 underground carparking spaces and 191 underground garages, a canteen and warehouses, and 1 four-storey composite building for office or commercial use. Construction of Phase I was composed of two parts, with Part I (which comprises mainly low-rise apartments) commenced in September 2007 and completed in October 2008. Part II (which comprises mainly mid-rise and high-rise apartments) commenced in June 2007 and completed in December 2009. As at 31 December 2013, the presale/sold GFA was approximately 98.9% of the total GFA of Kai Shi Jia Nian Phase I. Kai Shi Jia Nian Phase II (completed property) Kai Shi Jia Nian Phase II occupies a site area of approximately 61,866 sq.m. and has an aggregate GFA of approximately 84,042 sq.m. It comprises several residential parts, namely (i) Lucca’s Noble Villa ( ) which mainly includes upscale properties such as 2 blocks of low-rise structures, 22 blocks of townhouses, a kindergarten, 10 blocks of two-family house, a single-family house and a western food restaurant; and (ii) Scenery ( ) which mainly includes 4 mid-rise apartments, underground carparking spaces and garages of approximately 9,723 sq.m. Annual Report 2013 and 4 blocks of multi-storey composite buildings which are intended for commercial/retail use. Construction of Kai Shi Jia Nian Phase II was completed in September 2011. For residential portion, the Group started the presales by the end of 2010, and for non-residential portion, the Group first started the pre-sales in August 2011. During the Year, the average selling price of the sold properties in Kai Shi Jia Nian Phase II was approximately RMB14,812 per sq.m. As at 31 December 2013, the pre-sale/sold GFA was approximately 69.7% of the total GFA of Kai Shi Jia Nian Phase II. Kai Shi Jia Nian (investment properties) As at 31 December 2013, the market value of Group’s investment properties including approximately 47,084 sq.m. (Note 1) of Kai Shi Jia Nian Phase I and approximately 2,714 sq.m. (Note 2) of Kai Shi Jia Nian Phase II totally amounted to approximately RMB226.8 million based on an appraisal report 31 December 2013 prepared by Grant Sherman Appraisal Limited. Notes: The GFA of approximately 47,084 sq.m. mainly includes portion of Level 1, Level 3 and 4 of the composite building, the carparking spaces on basement levels 1 and 2 and portion of basement level 2 of Kai Shi Jia Nian Phase I. The GFA of approximately 2,714 sq.m. is comprised mainly of various retail units and a kindergarten. Kai Shi Xi Jun (property under development) Kai Shi Xi Jun project occupies a total site area of approximately 155,438 sq.m. and has an aggregate GFA of approximately 158,238 sq.m. It was planned to be developed for 3 phases. Kai Shi Xi Jun Phase I occupies a site area of approximately 47,042 sq.m. and has an aggregate GFA of appropriately 22,879 sq.m. It mainly includes 28 blocks of two-family houses and 6 blocks of house apartments. The construction of Kai Shi Xi Jun Phase I started in the first half of 2012. The Group obtained Kai Shi Xi Jun Phase I’s pre-sales permit certificate of all 34 blocks of residential properties in mid August of 2012. As at 31 December 2013, the construction of all 34 blocks of residential properties was completed and began to deliver to house owner on 30 June 2013. In 2013, the Group has positioned Kai Shi Xi Jun as a “Green • Leisure • Healthy • Resort” ( • • • ) project. In addition, a series of auxiliary projects around Kai Shi Xi Jun including composite buildings, municipal projects and hot spring resort hotel etc. are just under construction, which is expected to have an active impact on the sales of Kai Shi Xi Jun in the future. For instance, the hot spring resort hotel, in the vicinity of Kai Shi Xi Jun project, has been put into operation in the second half of 2013, which has gradually attracted potential clients to this area and increases the popularity of the project step by step. The sample room of Kai Shi Xi Jun will be completed in the first half of 2014. Accordingly, the Group plans to gradually launch more sales activities in the future with further improved business atmosphere nearby. Kai Shi Xi Jun Phase II occupies a site area of approximately 63,665 sq.m. and has an aggregate GFA of appropriately 51,098 sq.m. It mainly includes composite buildings, small scale high-rise structures, house apartments, two-family houses and townhouses. The construction of Kai Shi Xi Jun Phase II commenced in late 2012. As at 31 December 2013, the construction of 1 ancillary composite building, 1 block of townhouses and 5 blocks of two-family houses has been completed. The construction of other properties of Kai Shi Xi Jun Phase II is to be commenced subject to the market condition and construction permits progress granted by the government. Kai Shi Xi Jun Phase III occupies a site area of approximately 44,731 sq.m. and has an aggregate GFA of appropriately 84,261 sq.m. It mainly includes high-rise structures, composite buildings and underground garages. In view of the market conditions, the Group is considering the adjustments of the types of the properties which will possibly promote the sales of Kai Shi Xi Jun project and the Company planned to commence construction of Kai Shi Xi Jun Phase III after 2014. Annual Report 2013 For more details of major properties information of the Group, please refer to the information below: Residential/ Intended/ Total Planned Actual saleable Actual/ estimated completion date for Group’s (sq.m.) (sq.m.) (sq.m.) Tongfu Road, Lijiagou, Beihai Street, Lvshunkou District, House apartments, two-family houses, townhouses and small scale high-rise (Note 1) (Note 2) A block of two-storey Small scale high-rise and (Note 1) after 2014 Basement level 1 a block of three-storey Underground garages held for administration (Note 1) The group’s property portfolio summary — major completed properties held for Residential/ non- Gross Actual completion date for Group’s (sq.m.) Yingchun Street/ Changjiang Road, Lvshunkou District, Kai Shi Jia Nian ( ) Phase I — High-rise, mid-rise and low-rise October 2008 (Note 3) Kai Shi Jia Nian ( ) Phase II — Mid-rise and low-rise structures, townhouses, two-family houses, September Kai Shi Jia Nian ( ) Phase II — Basement level 1 of Kai Shi Jia September Tongfu Road, Lijiagou, Beihai Street, Lvshunkou District, in first half of Stage of Approximate gross floor Group’s (sq.m.) Yingchun Street/ Changjiang Road, Lvshunkou District, Kai Shi Jia Nian ( ) Phase I Kai Shi Jia Nian ( ) Phase I — Underground car parking Kai Shi Jia Nian ( ) Phase II — Four blocks of multi-storey composite buildings and a Notes: The saleable GFA of 1 ancillary composite building, 1 block of townhouses and 5 block of two-family houses is approximately 4,564 sq.m. according to the sale permit obtained in September 2013. The construction of 1 ancillary composite building, 1 block of townhouses and 5 block of two-family houses has been completed by the end of 2013. The construction of other properties of Phase II is to be commenced subject to the market condition and construction permits progress granted by the government. Part I of Kai Shi Jia Nian Phase I mainly comprises low-rise apartments and Part II mainly comprises mid-rise and high-rise apartments. Kai Shi Construction & Engineering, an indirectly wholly-owned subsidiary of the Group, is principally engaged in foundation and site formation. In 2013, as a series of auxiliary projects in Lvshunkou Beihai Jiedao were under construction, Kai Shi Construction & Engineering acquired new contracts and developed its business rapidly in 2013. Apart from previous qualification for earthwork engineering ( ), Kai Shi Construction & Engineering had obtained another four qualifications step by step, namely, the qualification as general contractor of housing construction projects ( ), the qualification as general contractor of municipal public projects ( ), the qualification as professional contractor of electromechanical equipment installation ( ) and qualification as professional contractor of construction waterproofing ( ). To supplement the registered capital of Kai Shi Construction & Engineering, Dalian Kai Shi Property Co,. Limited (“ ” or “Dalian Kai Shi”) had injected RMB3.0 million into Kai Shi Construction & Engineering in the second half of 2013, increasing its registered capital to RMB6.0 million. Annual Report 2013 For the Year, the recognised revenue generated from the doors and windows business amounted to approximately RMB29.2 million. In addition, preparatory work for the operation of the plant which is located in Tianjin Port Free Trade Zone ( ) was conducted step by step in 2013. Circumstances in the wider economic and regulatory environment are ever changing, but opportunities always remain. The Group’s confidence in the future of its real estate development business is based on a realistic assessment of PRC’s urbanisation guided by the PRC government and the sustainable growth in demand of the market. The Group will closely monitor the changes in various marketing factors and actively adjust sales strategies, including modifying products structure and building commercial street in 2014, to secure a favorable position under the current macroeconomic environment. In March 2014, Dalian Kai Shi, being an indirectly wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, has entered into a framework agreement with Dalian City Lvshunkou District People’s Government Beihai Street Office ( ) and Dalian Urban-Rural Integration Construction and Development Fund Management Company Limited ( ) with a view to develop properties characterised by five core industries, including health care and pension, tourism, spa resort, ecological agriculture and commercial real estate, in Lvshunkou District, PRC. The Group will also actively seek opportunities for business expansion so as to maximise value for our shareholders and customers. The turnover of the Group represented revenue generated from the proceeds, net of business tax and other sales related taxes, from the sales of properties, sales of doors and windows, earthwork engineering business and rental income. The revenue of the Group in 2013 amounted to approximately RMB100.9 million, of which the revenue generated from sales of properties, sales of doors and windows, sales from earthwork engineering business and rental income were approximately RMB36.1 million, RMB29.2 million, RMB31.9 million and RMB3.7 million, respectively. The revenue of the Group for the Year of approximately RMB100.9 million represented a slight decline of approximately 4.5% from approximately RMB105.7 million in the corresponding period in 2012. The decrease was mainly attributable to our real estate development business. For details, please see the paragraph below headed “Real Estate Development Business” The revenue generated from the real estate development business of the Group decreased by approximately 53.5% to approximately RMB36.1 million for the Year from approximately RMB77.6 million in the corresponding period 2012. The decrease was primarily due to the following: (i) The influence of macroeconomic environment continued. At the beginning of 2013, with the sales volume and price in the real estate sales market of different cities coming to two extremes, the PRC government implemented different control policies according to different city scales. Firstly, overall control over first-tier cities was tightened, greater control was also exerted over second-tier cities with new measures promulgated during the same period, while only moderate adjustments were made in third or fourth-tier cities when appropriate. After the Two Meetings, the new government focuses on the construction of social housing to better the long-term housing system and promotion of anti-corruption. Under such economic environment and policies, the sales of high-end and residential properties experienced a slow growth. And sales of the company for this type of properties are impacted accordingly. To face this trend, the Group actively adjusted sales strategies including modifying products structure and building commercial street, by which, expect to attract more customers in the real estate market. (ii) The implementation of the Group’ s sales strategy according to the product position and overall environment. For Kai Shi Xi Jun Project, in the first half of 2013, the Group has positioned Kai Shi Xi Jun as a “Green • Leisure • Healthy • Resort” ( • • • ) project. In addition, a series of auxiliary projects around Kai Shi Xi Jun including composite buildings, municipal projects and hot spring resort hotel etc. are just under construction, which is expected to have a positive impact on the sales of Kai Shi Xi Jun in the future. For instance, the hot spring resort hotel, in the vicinity of Kai Shi Xi Jun project, has been put into operation in the second half of 2013, which has gradually attracted potential clients to this area and increases the popularity of the project step by step. Accordingly the Group continued adjusting the pace of sales promotion in 2013 and plan to gradually launch more sales activities in 2014 with further improved business atmosphere nearby. The revenue generated from earthwork engineering business amounted to approximately RMB31.9 million for the Year, representing an increase of approximately 869.8% over the corresponding period in 2012. Kai Shi Construction & Engineering commenced its operation in late 2012. As a series of auxiliary projects in Beihai were under construction, Kai Shi Construction & Engineering acquired new contacts and developed its business rapidly in 2013. The revenue of Kai Shi Construction & Engineering for the Year was mainly from works under the agreements as detailed in the announcement of the Company dated 11 December 2012 and new agreements in connection with Beihai municipal deputy projects ( ). The revenue generated from the doors and windows processing business of the Group increased by approximately 30.4% to approximately RMB29.2 million for the Year from approximately RMB22.4 as compared to the corresponding period in 2012. The increase was primary due to more sales contracts were obtained in 2013 than 2012. The gross profit of the Group decreased by approximately RMB16.7 million, or 31.1%, to approximately RMB37.0 million for the Year from approximately RMB53.7 million in 2012, and the gross profit ratio of the Group decreased to approximately 36.7% for the Year from approximately 50.8% for the corresponding period in 2012, which was primarily due to a change in the sales mix. The sales of earth engineering business and real estate development business cover the total sales by 31.6% and 35.8% in 2013 respectively. Comparatively, such proportion in 2012 was 73.4% and 3.1%, respectively. Therefore, the earthwork engineering business, which has a lower profit margin ratio than real estate development business, increased greatly in 2013, and the gross profit margin and gross profit margin ratio decreased as a result. Annual Report 2013 The selling and distribution expenses of the Group decreased by approximately RMB4.7 million, or 30.3%, to approximately RMB10.8 million for the Year from approximately RMB15.5 million in 2012. The decrease was primarily due to the following reasons: (i) Commission fee is calculated in proportion to the revenue from sales of properties in 2013. Commission fee paid to properties sales agent decreased by approximately RMB0.6 million, or 54.5%, from approximately RMB1.1 million in 2012 to approximately RMB0.5 million for the Year, which was almost in line with the decrease in revenue; (ii) In 2013, the Group adjusted the pace of sales promotion according to the product position and overall environment. As a result, the advertising and marketing expenses and its related expenses decreased by approximately RMB3.0 million in total. The administrative expenses of the Group decreased by approximately RMB3.3 million, or 13.8%, to approximately RMB20.6 million for the Year from approximately RMB23.9 million in for the corresponding period in 2012. The decrease was primarily due to the following: (i) the overall control on relevant expenses including travelling expenses, entertainment expenses and office (ii) the decrease in professional services fees after the Group’s initial public offering. The finance expense and the finance income of the Group amounted to approximately RMB3.5 million and approximately RMB0.4 million for the Year, respectively. The finance expense mainly represents the interests incurred for bank loans which was obtained by Lion Tianjin and Kai Shi Construction & Engineering in 2013. The fair value gain decreased by approximately RMB25.4 million to approximately RMB13.3 million for the Year from approximately RMB38.7 million in 2012. In 2012, the GFA of approximately 49,206 sq.m. was recognised as investment properties of the Group, and the fair value gain increased by approximately RMB38.7 million. In 2013, additional GFA of 592 sq.m. was recognised as investment properties of the Group in 2013, and the fair value gain increased by approximately RMB13.3 million with the increase of investment properties portfolio and the rise of market price of the Group’s investment properties. The tax expenses in 2013 primarily included PRC corporate income tax payable and land value added taxes for the properties sold and delivered. The income tax expenses decreased by approximately RMB12.9 million, or 57.2%, to approximately RMB9.6 million for the Year from approximately RMB22.5 million for the corresponding period in 2012 which is mainly in line with the decrease in sales and profit before tax. Cash and cash equivalents of the Group as at 31 December 2013 were approximately RMB39.1 million, representing a decrease of approximately RMB49.2 million as compared with approximately RMB88.3 million as at 31 December 2012. The decrease was primarily attributable to the cash payment for Kai Shi Xi Jun project, payment for acquisition of land and buildings and repayments for bank loans outweighed the cash received from the properties sold (namely Kai Shi Jia Nian Phase I and Phase II) and proceeds from new bank loans and cash inflows from the controlling shareholder of the Group. The total current assets of the Group as at 31 December 2013 were approximately RMB660.2 million, representing an increase of approximately RMB12.1 million, or approximately 1.9%, over approximately RMB648.1 million as at 31 December 2012. The increase was mainly due to the increase in inventories, the trade and other receivables and completed properties held for sale by approximately RMB2.6 million, approximately RMB42.0 million and approximately RMB184.9 million, respectively, partially net off the decrease of cash and cash equivalents and properties under development by approximately RMB49.2 million and RMB168.4 million, respectively. Furthermore, the liquidity ratio (total current assets/total current liabilities) reduced from approximately 1.28 as at 31 December 2012 to approximately 1.24 as at 31 December 2013. The decrease was mainly in that the amount due to Directors, shareholders and related parties increased by approximately RMB131.7 million, partially net off the decrease of short term bank loans of approximately RMB81.1 million. As a result, the increase of the total current liabilities by approximately RMB26.7 million outweighed the increase of current assets by approximately RMB12.1 million. Bank loans of our Group as at 31 December 2013 were approximately RMB118.9 million, of which approximately RMB40.0 million will be due in April 2014, approximately RMB40.0 million will be due in August 2014, approximately RMB15.0 million will be due in October 2014 and approximately RMB23.9 million will be due in November 2014. Annual Report 2013 The following table sets out the calculation of the gearing ratio of the Group as at the date indicated: 31 December 31 December The decrease in the gearing ratio of the Group of 19.5% as at 31 December 2013 from 25.8% as at 31 December 2012 was primarily due to the Group’s decrease in bank loans amounting to approximately RMB81.1 million. The Group’s interest rate risk arises primarily from its bank loans, which expose the Group to interest rate risk. The bank loans bear interest ranging from 1.21% to 7.20% per annum for the Year (2012: 6.14% to 6.98% per annum). As the Group’s principal activities are carried out in the PRC, the Group’s transactions are mainly denominated in RMB, which is not freely convertible into foreign currencies. All foreign exchange transactions involving RMB must take place through the People’s Bank of China or other institutions authorised to buy and sell foreign exchange. The exchange rates adopted for the foreign exchange transactions are the rates of exchange quoted by the People’s Bank of China that are determined largely by supply and demand. The Group currently does not have a policy on foreign currency risk as it had minimal transactions denominated in foreign currencies in the Year and the impact of foreign currency risk on the Group’s operation is minimal. As at 31 December 2013, the Group did not have any material or contingent liabilities. As at 31 December 2013, the Group had 162 employees in various operating units located in the PRC. The total remuneration of the employees of the Group was approximately RMB12,456,000 during the year ended 31 December 2013. In order to attract and retain high-caliber employees to ensure smooth operation and cater for the Group’s constant expansion, the Group offer competitive remuneration packages, with reference to market conditions and individual qualifications and experience. The Group may also grant share options under the Share Option Scheme adopted by the Company on 22 November 2011 (details of which are set out in the paragraph headed “Share Option Scheme” in Appendix VII “Statutory and General Information” of the prospectus of the Company dated 30 December 2011). Pursuant to the relevant labour rules and regulations in the PRC, the Group’s subsidiaries in the PRC participate in the Share Option Scheme organised by the PRC municipal government authorities whereby the Group is required to make contributions to the Share Option Scheme at the rate of 18% and 20% of the eligible employees. The Group has no other material obligation for the payment of pension benefits associated with the Share Option Scheme beyond the annual contributions described above. 