Management Discussion and Analysis (continued) For the year ended 31 December 2013, the Group achieved a consolidated revenue of approximately representing an increase of approximately 2% compared to the previous year; operating profit reached RMB947,627,000 (2012: RMB1,202,769,000), representing a decrease of approximately 21% compared to last year; profit attributable to the owners of the Company amounted to approximately RMB663,312,000 (2012: RMB752,256,000), representing a decrease of approximately 12% from last year; earnings per share was RMB1.00 (2012: RMB1.14), representing a decrease of approximately 12% compared to last year. The decrease in operating profit was mainly due to the lower profit margin registered for the property sales units, comprising of high-rise apartments in 2013 compared to that of last year in which profit was contributed mainly by the Liu Garden of Four Seasons Garden, comprising of detached houses and town houses which carried much higher profit margin. In addition, the increasing intense competition in the construction industry and building materials industry, absorption of new market development expenditure, together with continued uprising costs had led the Group operating profit to slash. During the year, included in the profit attributable to the owners of the Company was a fair value gain on investment properties of approximately RMB68,039,000 resulting from the conversion of certain commercial properties of Baoye Dongcheng Square, which is owned by Hefei Xingdong Property Development Co., Ltd, a wholly owned subsidiary company of the Group, initially set up for sale, but is now held for investment properties, which is classified under other gains-net. Baoye Dongcheng Square is located in Changjiang East Road of Hefei where one of the subway stations is positioned, with convenient transportation and full community services, which would have a great potential appreciation in value held for long term. In this vein, the Group has determined to lease it out for long term and retain it as investment properties, in anticipation for better returns in the long run. Building Building Building Others 9% Building Management Discussion and Analysis (continued) For the year ended 31 December 2013, the Group’s construction business achieved revenue of approximately RMB13,961,972,000, representing a growth of approximately 2% over last year; operating profit amounted to approximately RMB431,777,000, representing a decrease of approximately 7% over last year. The increasing intense competition and absorption of new market development expenditure had led to increased operating costs, thus leading to the decrease in operating profit. For the year ended 31 December 2013, the Group’s total contract value under construction in-progress amounted to approximately RMB49,255,458,000, representing an increase of approximately 6% over last year. The total contract value for the Group’s construction-in progress is analysed below: Residential Urban Residential Urban Overseas* Overseas construction business was principally carried out in three African countries, namely Djibouti, Botswana and Seychelles. Northern Other Overseas* Zhejiang Northern Other Overseas* Zhejiang Management Discussion and Analysis (continued) During the year, the Group steers the development path set forth by nation’s twelfth “five-year-plan”, its vision and mission, to withstand austerity macro- economic measures and intensified market competition; simultaneously, the Group deepens the execution of contract management, and actively explores regional operational mode to fit the scaling of market sizes so as to realise the transformation of the construction model by striving to adopt “sizeable market, high value customer and large project” business strategy. In 2013, the Group had secured new construction contracts amounted to approximately RMB19.8 billion (2012: RMB18.8 billion) in value, representing an increase of approximately 5% compared to last year, including a large number of middle and high-end projects, such as Shanghai Zhongfu Culture Plaza, the northern land area of Changfeng Project in Shanghai, Yue Entrepreneurs Building in Shanghai, Springland • Run Garden in Anhui Province, Daiwa House Project in Wuxi City, Kowloon Suzhou Baitang Project, Binjiang Yintai International Hotel in Hangzhou, Nanjing Station of Shanghai – Ningbo Intercity Railway, Zhijiang School of Zhejiang University of Technology. The Group emphases on brand building, it was the leader of all competitions during the year, which helped to enhance the Group’s reputation. Up to now, the Group has been awarded 15 Luban Awards, which places the Group in a leading position in the construction industry. In 2013, the Group received a total of 84 awards, include 1 Luban Award, 9 national awards including the National Excellent Silver Award and Zhan Tianyou Award, and 45 provincial awards. The key awards are as follows: Section I of Phase I of Zhengzhou “Haima Garden” Management Discussion and Analysis (continued) For the year ended 31 December 2013, revenue of the Group’s property development business amounted to approximately RMB1,405,818,000 (the revenue before deductions of sales tax and related levies was approximately RMB1,487,398,000), representing a decrease of approximately 16% from last year. Operating profit amounted to approximately RMB376,002,000, representing a decrease of approximately 41% compared to last year. The decrease in revenue and operating profit for the property development business were mainly attributable to the changes in sales mix and lower margin for properties sales units when compared to last year. In 2012, the revenue and operating profit were mainly contributed from the sale of Liu Garden of Baoye Four Seasons Garden, comprising detached houses and town houses, registering much higher selling prices and profit margins; whilst in 2013, the revenue and operating profit were mainly contributed from the sale of high-rise apartments with lower selling prices and profit margins. For the year ended 31 December 2013, revenue of property sales was mainly derived from the following projects, details of which are set out below: Areas Sold Revenue (RMB/Sqm) (Sqms) For the year ended 31 December 2013, the sales contracts of the Group’s property development business amounted to approximately RMB2,400,000,000 (2012: RMB1,900,000,000) and a contract sale area of approximately 290,000 square metres, excluding property sales under joint ventures, all such sale contracts will be progressively delivered and recognised as revenue in the next two years. As at 31 December 2013, the Group’s projects under development are set out below: Total Estimated Gross Floor Area under Development Equity Interest (Sqms) Baoye Four Seasons Garden is located in Kuaijishan Tourist Resort Zone, a “province-rank” resort district in Zhejiang Province. With historical culture and spectacular scenery, the area is where ancient civilisation flourished. Other than its profound cultural tradition and being the origin of many myths and folklores, the area also has a large number of historical heritages. Being only 5 kilometres from the downtown of Shaoxing City, it is known as the “natural treasure in the heart of a city”. Baoye Four Seasons Garden has a site area of approximately 1,050,000 square metres with 0.5 time plot ratio and a planned gross floor area of approximately 525,000 square metres for the development of deluxe villas, semi-detached villas, and town houses. It also consists of a golf club and a five- star resort hotel, a country park and a central lakeside garden fully equipped with facilities. This project is developed in 12 phases, of which, Lotus Garden and Liu Garden had been delivered to owners, He Garden and Ming Garden have almost been sold out; Run Garden Phase I and Phase II, Xi Garden are under pre-sale, there are five phases expected to be developed and sold. Management Discussion and Analysis (continued) Baoye Dongcheng Square is located in Changjiang East Road, Hefei City, with convenient transportation and full community services. The project has a site area of approximately 63,500 square metres with an estimated gross floor area of approximately 228,500 square metres. It is a city complex project comprising residential units, commercial units and offices. It is aimed to be the landmark and commercial centre at Dongmen, east of Hefei. The commercial units have been inaugurated in October 2013 and the residential units and office units will be delivered to owners in Baoye Guanggu Lidu is located in the East Lake New Technology Development Zone in Wuhan City with a total site area of approximately 120,000 square metres and an estimated gross floor area of approximately 300,000 square metres. The project comprises 18 high- rise residential buildings and commercial units, aiming to build reasonably scaled residential units with well- developed facilities, convenient transportation with a rich cultural connotation. The project is developed in three phases, of which, phase I was launched for pre- sale in August 2013, and was almost sold out. Baoye Wanhuacheng, located in Huinan, Pudong New District, Shanghai, is positioned in the hub of the prime area of Pudong’s golden triangle, and supported by convenient transportation and well- developed community facilities. It has a total site area of approximately 106,950 square metres and an estimated gross floor area of approximately 245,000 square metres comprising high-rise residential units, town houses and commercial units. The project is to be developed in three phases, of which, phase I was launched for pre- sale in December 2013. Shanghai Baoye Centre is located in Hongqiao commercial business district, Shanghai, a prime location with convenient transportation. It has a total site area of approximately 8,130 square metres and an estimated gross floor area of approximately 27,000 square metres, of which, approximately 13,000 square metres above-ground and approximately 14,000 square metres underground, which will be developed as office buildings. Baoye Mengdie Luyuan is located in Mengcheng County, Bozhou City, Anhui Province. It has a total estimated gross floor area of approximately 430,000 square metres, divided into East and West wings, comprising multi-storey units, high-rise residential and shopping units. This project is an ideal place for residential and commercial development with a unique style and convenient transportation. It will be the landmark of Mengcheng County when completed. The project is developed in six phases, of which, phase I has been sold out and is expected to be delivered to owners in the first half of 2014, and phase II was launched for pre- sale in June 2013. Baoye Longhu Yucheng, located in a prime area of Eastern New City, Kaifeng County, Henan Province. It has a total site area of approximately 900,000 square metres and an estimated gross floor area of approximately 1,200,000 square metres. After completion, it will become the city’s new business centre and leisure centre. The project will be developed in 5 phases, of which, phase I of 170,000 square metres had been developed. As at 31 December 2013, the Group acquired land use rights of three parcels of land in Bengbu, Bozhou, Anhui Province and Kaifeng, Henan Province at a total consideration of approximately RMB356,620,000 through public tenders and auctions. The three parcels of land, being acquired, have an aggregate land area of approximately 262,508 square metres. Details of which are set out below: Management Discussion and Analysis (continued) Total Equity Interest of (Sqms) In August 2013 In August 2013 In October 2013 The Group continues to adopt a prudent but proactive role in land acquisition and business expansion. Most of the land reserves of the Group are located in Shaoxing, Wuhan, Shanghai, Hefei, Bozhou, Kaifeng etc, all of which will benefit from the lower land costs and scalable regional penetration, enabling the Group to foster the profitability and risk resistance levels. For the year ended 31 December 2013, revenue of the Group’s building materials business amounted to approximately RMB2,066,685,000, representing an increase of approximately 11% over last year; operating profit was approximately RMB72,566,000, representing a decrease of approximately 33% from last year. The building materials business constitutes a small portion of the Group’s revenue and operating profit. During the year, curtain wall sector recorded a healthy growth of 19% and a commendable result, compensated by the unfavorable results in ready-mixed concrete and steel structure sectors as well as increased labor costs, the Group’s building materials business suffered a decline in operating profit. For the year ended 31 December 2013, revenue from the Group’s building materials is analysed below: Furnishings and Interior Wooden Products and Fireproof In 2013, the Group’s building materials business achieved a steady growth by sustaining market shares in existing markets and increased market shares in new markets, securing a number of premium projects, such as the curtain wall projects of CCB’s subsidiary in Ningbo, Shaoxing Sports Centre, Ningbo Southern Railway Station, the decoration projects of a seven star hotel, Sanya Top Beauty Hotel, Longquan People’s Hospital, and the interior decoration of Shaoxing Sports Centre. Baoye Woodwork Company also built friendly cooperation with real estate developers, becoming their nominated suppliers for wooden doors and fitting- out accessories. At the same time, the Group’s brand recognition had further been improved. During the year under review, Zhejiang Baoye Curtain Wall Decoration Company Limited was awarded “Top Ten Companies in the Curtain Wall and Windows Industry in Zhejiang Province” and “Zhejiang Technological Companies”; and Zhejiang Guangyi Construction and Decoration Company Limited was awarded “Top 100 Companies in Chinese Construction Decoration Industry” and “National 100 Excellent Technological and Innovative Enterprises”. During the year under review, the Group also has had substantial development in the industrialisation of housing construction. Hefei Tianmen Lake Public Housing Project undertaken by Anhui Baoye Housing Industrialisation Company has become a “provincial new technologies sample project”. In the assembly public housing project of Hefei Binhu Gui Garden, the Group made a breakthrough on the height limit of 33 floors for the assembly construction project and increased the prefabricated rate from 20% to 40%. Moreover, the Group’s joint venture companies, Baoye Daiwa Industrialised Manufacturing Company and Baoye Sivert Precast Concrete Company’s products of light steel structure and precast concrete assembly industrialised housing structure have been applied in use for housing projects, such as Baoye Four Seasons Garden, one hundred low-carbon housing project in Shaoxing, and Shanghai Baoye Centre, Baoye Wanghuacheng, Guanggu Lidu in Wuhan, as well as the projects of Zhijiang School of Zhejiang University of Technology and the light steel system villas in Austria and Libya. Management Discussion and Analysis (continued) In 2013, the Central government began to carry out the policies and plans reached at the 18th National Congress of CPC, and also continued to implement the twelfth “five-year-plan”. Considering the complex domestic and international situation, the new Central government executes a series of regulatory measures, including a deeper reform, open policy and transformation of new economic development model, all of which pave a solid ground for rapid and sustainable economic development, and a stable growth. Faced with these new platform and policies, the Group will seize the business opportunities of this fast development trend and expand market shares by innovative business models, transformation and enhancement of value chain, in realising healthy and new development for the Group. Construction business is the platform for The Group has been able to preserve its construction business growth in a prudent manner, by adopting the management philosophy that “healthy growth is better than short-term performance”, and embarking on risks management policy. Moreover, the Group keeps on improving the quality of its products and services, as well as the brand recognition and competitiveness to intake premium projects on the basis of customer and market driven initiatives. The Group will develop its construction business following the four directions set out below: With respect to market initiative, the Group will strengthen its leadership position in existing major markets and actively explore new potential markets in western China; will reap the opportunity of new urbanisation construction and development in western China, and will increase the Group’s market share in the industry and establish a new regional operation mode leveraging on its brand effect and easing out core competition. With respect to project, the Group will enter into markets of infrastructure construction projects in water supplies, railway and transport projects and actively secure more public, landmark, and high-end projects. With respect to business operation model, the Group will upgrade the traditional business model, promote and adopt the new contractors as project general contractor, agent construction contractor, and BT(Build – Transfer), then build a foundation for totally implementing the new construction contractor in future by learning experience in construction process. With respect to construction technology, the Group will implement an energy-saving, emission reduction and green projects policy as advocated by the Central government in preserving green construction. By applying scientific management and technology advancements, the Group aims to achieve energy- saving, materials-saving, water-saving and being environmentally-friendly through improvement in standardisation and efficiency of construction processes. The Group will continue to build more sample low-energy and green projects by continuously fostering innovative green construction technology and accumulating green construction experience. The Group will take the green construction and technological innovation as an incentive to speed up its pace in advancement of technology and enrich development capability in the areas of quality and technology. Property development business contributes The Group will continue to uphold prudent property development business. Facing the complicated macro- economic and political environment, the Group will continue to optimise its business management, integrate resources and take advantage of the capability of developing industrialised housing, aiming to improve the Group’s overall performance and profit. With respect to regional penetration, the Group will continue to position its market in second and third tier cities in Hubei, Anhui and Henan, and to focus on developing quality residential properties featured with reasonable size, livability, good location and full community service. With high quality products and service, the Group has paved a good foundation for speedy development of its property business in the second and third tier cities in the region. Under the background of new urbanisation construction, the Group will pay more attention to new property development model, such as small cities created by the urbanisation reform policy, new rural countries, senior homes, community properties and commerce complex in town, and will make full use of its technology and experience on housing industrialisation to create a new market-driven property development model and realise the Group’s transformation in the upgrading of its property development sector. The Group preserves its land bank with good location, appropriate size, reasonable cost and appreciation potential under its prudent policy, ensuring the sustainable development of the Group’s property development. In addition, the Group will speed up its developing process of land reserves, shorten project development circle and increase saleable floor area Management Discussion and Analysis (continued) to ensure a stable growth of the Group’s overall profitability. Housing industrialisation is an important strategy to sustain continuous growth for The environmental destruction and poor efficiency use of resources seriously hinders further economic development, so the Central government is eager to promote a new harmonious society to be environmentally-friendly and resources-saving. In these circumstances, energy-saving, low-carbon and green industrialised construction will be the future development trend in the industry as opposed to the traditional construction at the cost of energy- consumption and materials-consumption. Chinese housing industrialisation has entered into a golden development phase. A s o n e o f t h e l e a d e r s o f n a t i o n a l h o u s i n g industrialisation construction, the Group is always committed to researching and developing the industrialized housing. During the year, the Group’s two joint-venture companies, Baoye Daiwa Industrialised Housing Manufacturing Company Limited and Baoye Sivert Precast Concrete Company Limited, which are located in Shaoxing Building Materials Park, have begun their operations. As of now, the Group has a complete industrialised production line and possesses the capability of standardised design, industrialised production, prefabricated construction and standardised process management. In addition, the Group has signed a strategic cooperation agreement with Shanghai Xiandai Architectural Design Company, aiming to work together on formulating the standard specifications of industrialised housing, building sample projects and industrial parks, and testing the energy-saving indexes and jointly trying to create a new combined cooperate model of “research and development-design- manufacturing-construction” in industrialised housing line. With the development of housing industrialisation industry, being an unprecedented development, governments at all levels have pronounced a series of policies to promote housing industrialised development. The government even required a certain proportion of industrialised products in property development projects and encouraged the application of technology products in housing industrialisation for affordable housing. The Group will seize this historical opportunity utilizing all of its advantages to actively seek such property development projects to improve its market share in industrialised housing field and achieve a great growth on profit, also achieve the transformation of traditional construction and property development models. The Group has adopted prudent financial policies and exercised tight risk management control over its investment, financing and cash as well as maintaining a sound capital structure. The Group will adjust its investment, financing and capital structure from time to time according to sustainable development and internal resources available, with a view to optimising the capital structure of the Group. The Group has established a financial settlement centre, which centralises funding for the Company and all of its subsidiaries at the group level. The Board believes that such policy can achieve better control on the treasury operations, minimise financing risks and lower the average cost of funding. With the support of steady increase in cash flow, sound credit record and excellent reputation in the industry, the Group preserved the AAA credit rating by a credit rating institution recognised by the People’s Bank of China. Such excellent credit rating will benefit the Group’s financing activities and allow the Group to continue to enjoy the prime rate offered by the banks. During the year, the Group maintained part of its borrowings on an unsecured basis. The amount of secured debt accounted for approximately 47% (2012: 25%) of the total borrowings. In addition, approximately Management Discussion and Analysis (continued) 16% of the total borrowings (2012: 27%) were jointly guaranteed by the chairman of the Board, Mr. Pang Baogen and the Company to the lending banks. Leveraging on its excellent credit rating, the Group intends to continue to obtain its borrowings on an unsecured basis, which will be supplemented by project financing when necessary. The Group’s objectives in the management of capital and financial resources are to safeguard the Group’s ability to operate as a going concern in order to provide returns for shareholders and benefits for other stakeholders and to maintain an optimal capital structure to reduce the cost of capital. The Group’s financial position has been satisfactory and has continued to maintain a net cash position. The Group has sufficient capital resources to expand its business. As at 31 December 2013, the Group has unutilized banking facilities amounting to approximately RMB3.5 billion. Details of which are analysed below: Net assets value per share (RMB) profit attributable to the owners of the Company/total equity attributable total equity attributable to the owners of the Company/number of issued current assets/current liabilities During the period under review, the return on equity represented a decrease of approximately 20.5% compared to last year due to a lower profit ratio for the recognised property sale units, but the net assets value per share still has an increase of approximately 10.5% compared to last year. As at 31 December 2013, the Group continued to maintain a net cash position with a net cash ratio of 26%, representing an increase of 30% compared to a net cash ratio of 20% of last year, which was primarily attributable to the satisfactory pre-sale of property units. Management Discussion and Analysis (continued) For the year ended 31 (i) (ii) (iii) Note: i During the year, the net cash inflow from operating activities was approximately RMB567,771,000, an increase of approximately RMB90,906,000 compared to the net cash inflow of approximately RMB476,865,000 of last year of which was primarily attributable to the satisfactory sale performance of property units and improvement in working capital management. ii During the year, the net cash outflow from investing activities was approximately RMB85,294,000, which was primarily due to the increased investment in property, plant, equipment and joint ventures. iii During the year, the net cash inflow from financing activities is approximately RMB64,129,000, mainly due to the payment of the three land use rights, some of which was paid from the bank deposit, and the remaining was paid by bank borrowings, thus leading the increase of bank borrowings of the Group. The Group has consistently complied with the tax rules and regulations in the PRC and conformed to the Hong Kong Financial Reporting and Accounting Standards in accounting for such tax provision, and has also prepaid the land appreciation taxes based on the sale values multiplied by certain assessed rates determined by the respective local tax authorities where the properties are located. For the year ended 31 December 2013, the Group’s land appreciation tax amounted to approximately RMB22,412,000. The Group’s administrative expenses amounted to approximately RMB403,512,000 for the year ended 31 December 2013, which is about the same as that of last year of approximately RMB399,095,000, this was mainly attributed to a good management and expenditure- saving policy adopted by the Company. During the year ended 31 December 2013, the Group had registered no capital financing costs, mainly due to the fact that all such bank borrowings, which were applied for use in properties development, were entirely capitalised. 31 December 31 December Guarantees given to banks in respect of mortgage facilities granted for The Group had issued performance guarantees in respect of mortgage facilities granted by various banks relating to the mortgage loans arranged for certain purchasers of properties developed by the Group. The banks will release such guarantees upon the delivery of the building ownership certificates of such properties to the banks as securities. Details of the Charges on the Group’s As at 31 December 2013, land use rights, property, plant and equipment and properties under development, investment properties at a total value of approximately RMB1,780,782,000 (as at 31 December 2012: RMB566,720,000) were pledged to banks as security in securing bank borrowings. The Group adopts a prudent approach in capital expenditure spending to secure cash resources on safety basis. The Group will pay more attention to market changes and will increase its investments in acquisition of land and relevant businesses at appropriate times with reasonable costs. Adjustment of RMB Exchange Rate and The majority of the Group’s business and all bank borrowings are denominated and accounted for in RMB. Therefore, the Group does not have significant exposure to foreign exchange fluctuation. The Board does not expect the adjustment of RMB exchange rate and other foreign exchange fluctuations will have material impact on the business operations or financial results of the Group. 