of HK$6.3 million (2020: HK$47.6 million), profit for the period was HK$54.9 million, compared to a loss of HK$30.3 million for the same period last year. Basic earnings per share were HK40.52 cents compared to HK50.14 cents for the corresponding period in 2020. During the period under review, Fairwood responded successfully to the pandemic and delivered positive growth despite the challenges of a post-COVID environment. Total sales and customer volumes both rose considerably by comparison with the previous period, taking Fairwood back to pre-pandemic levels and reversing the drop in sales recorded last year. Although the HK$142.9 million in Government pandemic support received last year fell in the current period to just HK$3.9 million, Fairwood still managed to deliver a satisfactory bottom-line profit. To lift Fairwood’s performance to pre-pandemic levels, we placed special emphasis on the first part of our Fairwood slogan, ‘Enjoy Great Food’, by expanding and improving our menu selections to match customer demand and attract new customers. Despite tough operational challenges, we added several local ‘street food’ items to our tea menus that proved immediately popular. We also launched a series of popular dishes based on Asian dining favourites for diners unable to travel to their favourite culinary destinations. Our signature Ah Wood series was revamped to add extra flavour and value, reinforcing our commitment to delivering truly ‘great food’. To expand our appeal to young people, we revamped our in-store meals for school students and added a range of student discounts and free gifts themed around annual school events. In September, we launched a very popular new Value Campaign offering high quality meal sets at excellent prices. The Group acquires a bakery line this year, and now produces most of its bakery products in-house. The result has been very positive, with many customers commenting on the noticeable improvements in flavour, aroma and texture in Fairwood’s bread products. The bakery has enabled us to expand the range of sandwich and toast products on the menu, and created new strategic product opportunities benefiting customers and shareholders. Fairwood’s “Click-and-Collect” service, first introduced in August 2020, went from strength to strength over the year. The percentage of takeaway sales is now significant, and continued to increase over the period under review. Sales were further boosted by a revamp of the “Click-and-Collect” platform, making it easier for customers to order online. Alongside this, we launched a loyalty programme for “Click-and-Collect” customers that attracted over 100,000 members in just a month of operation. Over the period, we researched customers’ takeaway habits and preferences and adjusted our takeaway menus accordingly, leading to smooth and steady sales growth. Our “Click-and-Collect” service also works in conjunction with food delivery service provider foodpanda, which has significantly expanded its scope to cover almost all districts in Hong Kong in April. The Group continued with its digitalisation efforts in the period, aimed at enhancing efficiency, improving customer experience, and raising staff service levels. We have begun to roll out new digital menu display boards in stores to replace old manually operated ones, creating a more stylish look and making it easier to update menu options and prices. Online training programmes have been introduced for frontline cashiers, helping them deal more confidently with new in-store situations and COVID-19 related queries. A new Kitchen Management System has also been introduced that is helping streamline the food preparation workflow, improve efficiency, and shorten customer queues. In embracing the digital era, Fairwood has also begun to leverage the power of social media. During the period we trialled our first social media campaign to reach younger customers, with great success. The innovative campaign offered a free Ah Wood meal to anyone bringing in a competitor’s receipt for the same dish. The campaign quickly went viral, generating 650,000 views and 100,000 interactions within a short two-week period, and bringing many new customers in store for the first time. Social media is also being utilised for the Group’s specialty restaurants to help define and shape their brand appeal. For example, the new Instagram account for Taiwan Bowl adopts a fun visual style that has generated a lot of interactions and strong brand engagement. Attracting and retaining staff, especially high quality chefs and kitchen staff, has been a challenge for our industry in recent years. Fairwood has addressed this problem by ensuring its salaries are highly competitive, that there are attractive incentive measures in place to retain staff, and that the Fairwood workplace environment is a warm, friendly place to work in. In addition, we have defined clear staff career tracks, and are continuing to provide staff with multiple opportunities for training and development, especially by increasing our online training programmes to give staff greater learning flexibility. In Hong Kong, Fairwood’s focus for the period was on stabilisation and recovery, with the measures described above. One new Fairwood store was opened in the period, in Shatin. Meanwhile, our specialty restaurants enjoyed a generally stable performance in the period, with Taiwan Bowl proving especially resilient and generating strong takeaway sales. One new Taiwan Bowl restaurant was opened in the period, in Lok Fu, and this new store introduced features that will be gradually expanded to the other outlets. They included enhanced menu options with a wider range of snacks, drink and desserts, and the enabling of mobile ordering from tables. Our community service initiatives in Hong Kong were constrained by social distancing requirements, but we continued to promote our “Care for Senior Cards”, for example offering double discounts when using the card on occasions such as Father’s Day. The number of “Care for Senior Cards” members has continued to grow, reaching 280,000 in the period. As for the Fairwood Give Warmth Campaign, this will be extended from October when the Group will work with selected NGOs on donations of meal boxes to the elderly, as well as organising special meal gatherings at its restaurants for elderly people living on their own. In Mainland China, recovery at Fairwood stores was slower than in Hong Kong. The absence of cross-border travel led to lower customer flow at the Fairwood stores in Lo Wu and Shenzhen, while lockdowns in Guangzhou in June also disrupted sales on occasions. However, the restructuring of our Mainland China operations and the localisation of the management has now been completed, and prospects are promising. Only one new store was opened in Mainland China during the period, but a further of six to seven stores are scheduled for opening later in the year. A new POS system that has been adopted in Mainland China has allowed seamless integration with local online ordering and delivery platforms, and has enabled a new membership scheme to be launched. In the period under review, the Group opened three new Fairwood stores, made up of two in Hong Kong and one in Mainland China. As of 30 September 2021, the Group had a total of 155 stores in Hong Kong, including 143 fast food stores and 12 specialty restaurants — three ASAP, four Taiwan Bowl, four The Leaf Kitchen and one Kenting Tea House. In Mainland China, the Group was operating 17 stores as at 30 September 2021. Fairwood has a long history of dealing well with adversity, matched with a tradition of responsiveness and agility in managing changes in the market and society. These have served us well over the past year and a half in dealing with the unprecedented COVID-19 situation. In particular, we have embraced digital initiatives in our operations management and marketing, which have helped us to further enhance our flexibility, better manage pandemic restrictions, and at the same time win new markets and customers. Rising food costs and staff shortages represent some of our biggest challenges going forward. To manage these challenges, we will continue our efforts to negotiate lower rentals while also enhancing efficiencies in other areas of our operations. Our increasing takeaway sales are also opening up options for better utilising our physical floor space, especially in our larger restaurants. We will remain committed to providing our staff with attractive compensations packages and incentives, a clear succession plan, and plenty of training and self-improvement opportunities. We believe our unique workplace staff culture and benefits are very important factors in helping us retain quality staff. Network expansion in Hong Kong will continue in the months ahead; we have plans to open four or five new stores by early 2022. We will also be continuing to expand menu options by adding exciting new dishes in the months ahead. Following a very positive start to our digital transformation initiatives, we will be increasing our use of digital channels for marketing, as well as using new digital workflow products to help us further enhance our efficiency across the board. There are also changes afoot in our store design that will enhance our customers’ in-store dining experience. From Q4 2021, our specialty restaurant brands will be undergoing a restructuring to give each brand greater definition and appeal. This will be accompanied by the launch of new tailored brand strategies to drive growth of the different brands. In Mainland China, potential for growth in the Greater Bay Area is strong, and the Group is in a good position for further expansion following its recent localisation initiatives there, utilising innovative marketing approaches. Having ridden out the worst of the pandemic storm, Fairwood is further consolidating its position as one of Hong Kong’s premier fast food restaurant chains. Our swift recovery and agile responsiveness to change mean we are ready to expand once more, utilising modern technology to grow new target markets and enhance our efficiencies. At the same time, we will continue to hold fast to our traditional strengths of excellent food quality and value, warm professional service and community care, all encapsulated in our motto ‘Enjoy Great Food. Live a Great Life’. As at 30 September 2021, total assets of the Group amounted to HK$2,426.9 million (31 March 2021: HK$2,448.0 million). The Group’s net current liabilities were HK$2.3 million (31 March 2021: net current liabilities of HK$9.6 million), represented by total current assets of HK$902.3 million (31 March 2021: HK$802.3 million) against total current liabilities of HK$904.6 million (31 March 2021: HK$811.9 million) and the current ratio, being the proportion of total current assets against total current liabilities, was 1.0 (31 March 2021: 1.0). Total equity was HK$754.2 million (31 March 2021: HK$777.8 million). The Group finances its business with internally generated cash flows and available banking facilities. At 30 September 2021, the Group had bank deposits and cash and cash equivalents amounting to HK$723.4 million (31 March 2021: HK$622.1 million), representing an increase of 16.3%. Most bank deposits and cash and cash equivalents were denominated in Hong Kong dollars, United States dollars and Renminbi. As at 30 September 2021, the Group had no bank loan (31 March 2021: nil). The gearing ratio of the Group was 0.0% (31 March 2021: 0.0%), which was calculated based on the total bank loan over total equity. The unutilised banking facilities were HK$275.3 million (31 March 2021: HK$269.7 million). Annualised return on average equity was 13.7% (year ended 31 March 2021: 20.5%), being profit for the period attributable to equity shareholders of the Company against the average total equity at the beginning and the end of the reporting period and then multiplied by two. The Group is exposed to foreign currency risk primarily through other financial assets and bank deposits and cash and cash equivalents that are denominated in a currency other than the functional currency of the operations to which they relate. The currencies giving rise to this risk are primarily United States dollars and Renminbi. As Hong Kong dollar is pegged to United States dollar, the Group does not expect any significant movements in the United States dollar/Hong Kong dollar exchange rate. The Group ensures that the net exposure is kept to an acceptable level by buying or selling foreign currencies at spot rates where necessary to address short term imbalances. As at the end of the reporting period, the net book value of properties pledged as security for banking facilities granted to certain subsidiaries of the Group amounted to HK$1.0 million (31 March 2021: HK$1.0 million). As at 30 September 2021, the Group’s outstanding capital commitments was HK$9.1 million (31 March 2021: HK$7.9 million). As at 30 September 2021, guarantees are given to banks by the Company in respect of mortgage loans and other banking facilities extended to certain wholly-owned subsidiaries. As at the end of the reporting period, the directors of the Company do not consider it probable that a claim will be made against the Company under the guarantee arrangement. The maximum liability of the Company at the end of the reporting period under the guarantees is the amount of the outstanding utilised facilities by all the subsidiaries that are covered by the guarantees, being HK$83.6 million (31 March 2021: HK$89.2 million). The Company has not recognised any deferred income in respect of the guarantee as its fair value cannot be reliably measured and there is no transaction price. As at 30 September 2021, the total number of employees of the Group was approximately 5,700 (31 March 2021: 5,600). Employees’ remuneration is commensurate with their job nature, qualifications and experience. Salaries and wages are normally reviewed annually based on performance appraisals and other relevant factors. The Group continues to offer competitive remuneration packages, share options and bonus to eligible staff, based on the performance of the Group and the individual employee. Also, the Group has committed to provide related training programme to improve the quality, competence and skills of all staff. 