Interim Report 2013 After 30 years of high-speed economic growth driven by credit, investment and exports, People’s Republic of China (the “PRC”) model of development has shown a need for change. The new government is pushing for economic reform over fast-lane growth by adopting measures to energize the private sector and boost urbanization that promise more sustainable expansion with higher quality and efficiency. Data from the National Bureau of Statistics showed that the PRC’s gross domestic product (“GDP”) growth slowed to 7.6% in the first half, at an amount of RMB24.8 trillion. In spite of the slowdown, the latest figures were within market expectations and were indicative of the “structural change” and “shifting gears” being pursued. For the six months ended 30 June 2013, the Group’s turnover amounted to HK$180.0 million, an increase of 11% compared with the same period last year. Gross profit rose by 21% to HK$106.6 million. Profit attributable to owners of the Company fell significantly to HK$15.4 million, compared to HK$286.7 million previously, mainly due to a significant decrease in the fair value change in investment properties and an impairment loss in loan receivable. Basic earnings per share amounted to HK0.43 cents, a decline of 95% compared with the same period last year. During the period under review, the Group had only a small amount of properties available for sale, representing the remaining units of The Mangrove West Coast. As such, the Group’s turnover from property sales amounted to HK$49.5 million, an increase of 12% compared with the same period last year. The Group sold a total gross floor area (“GFA”) of approximately 1,023 square meters during the period, which was 2% less compared to 1,048 square meters recorded a year ago. Gross profit of property sales increased by 48% to HK$34.0 million. For the six months ended 30 June 2013, total rental income amounted to HK$58.3 million, an increase of 18% over the same period last year. The rental income was mainly contributed by the commercial complexes of The Vi City and Sinolink Garden Phase One to Four. Located in Luowu district, Shenzhen, Sinolink Tower, the hotel and office complex of Sinolink Garden Phase Five, has a GFA of 50,000 square meters, of which hotel space occupies 30,000 square meters and office space occupies 20,000 square meters. As of to date, the office building has leased out 60% of its total leasable area. Tenants mainly consist of jewelry, investment and real estate companies. O Hotel is currently undergoing government inspections on fire safety, energy saving and quality testing and arranging business licenses and tax registration. It is scheduled to commence operation in late 2013 or early 2014. As at 30 June 2013, the Group has the following properties under development: Rockbund, located on the Bund in Shanghai, is an integrated property development project. The project has a total site area of 18,000 square meters with a GFA of 94,080 square meters comprising preserved heritage buildings and new structures. The Group intends to redevelop this historical site and structures into an upscale mixed-use neighborhood, with residential, commercial, retail, catering, offices and cultural facilities. Ningguo Mansions, a 13,600 square meter site with a plot ratio of 1.0 at Changning District in Shanghai, will be developed into 11 quadrate court houses, each with a GFA of 1,000 to 1,500 square meters. David Chipperfield Architects, a British architecture design company, is responsible for the construction and decoration design of this commodity housing project. Located in one of the most accessible and low-density luxury living districts in Shanghai, Ningguo Mansions is approximately 10 minutes from the airport and approximately 30 minutes from the city center by car. The project was granted Permit of Newly Built Residences Made Available to Users by the Shanghai authority following completion of inspection during the period under review, making it in compliance with the rules for launch. The Group recorded a share of loss of an associate, Rockefeller Group Asia Pacific, Inc., at an amount of HK$67.1 million for the six months ended 30 June 2013, an increase of 14% for the same period last year, due to change in the fair value of investment properties held by the associate. Situated at the junction of Huangpu River and Suzhou Creek, Rockbund is a redevelopment project that celebrates the birthplace of modern Shanghai. It is part of the historical and cultural preservation area of Shanghai Bund neighbouring Nanjing Road and the Lujiazui business district and commanding a unique and advantageous location that gives easy access to convenient transport and five star hotels in the vicinity. Thriving on the theme of “Art Invigorates Business”, the project makes full empowerment of the historical architecture and art aroma in the area to provide high quality leasing space for a variety of businesses with flexible and elegant design layouts to meet customers’ diverse needs. Interim Report 2013 With leasing works and negotiations progressing smoothly, the preserved heritage buildings in Rockbund have attracted a number of famous restaurants and corporations and attained satisfactory operating results. Good progress was made by the new buildings of Rockbund during the period under review in carrying out some of the underground and above ground works. Other businesses within the Group include property, facilities and project management provided by the Group’s property management division. For the period ended 30 June 2013, the Group recorded revenue from other businesses of HK$72.2 million, an increase of 5% compared with the same period last year. In the second half of 2013, the PRC is likely to benefit from the cyclical recovery of the global economy. On the other hand, higher volatility is on the horizon as shifting domestic policies rein in the Chinese economy. Recovery might also be hindered by the risk-on risk-off financial conditions. Looking forward, the PRC economy is expected to switch from high-speed to medium- speed growth for a protracted period of time, with the GDP staying at around 7%. Reforms are expected to be made by the government at accelerating pace in the major areas of finance, taxation and banking, which will drive the PRC economy towards more sustainable development. The Group’s financial position remains strong with a low debt leverage and strong interest cover. The Group’s total borrowings decreased from HK$295.7 million as at 31 December 2012 to HK$289.2 million as at 30 June 2013. Gearing ratio as at 30 June 2013, calculated on the basis of total borrowings over shareholders’ equity, was 3.8% compared to 3.9% as at 31 December 2012. The Group is in a net cash position and bank borrowings are mainly arranged at floating interest rates. Total assets pledged in securing loans had a carrying value of HK$1,247 million as at 30 June 2013. The borrowings of the Group are denominated in RMB and HKD. As the entire operation of the Group is carried out in the PRC, substantial receipts and payments in relation to operation are denominated in RMB. No financial instruments have been used for hedging purpose; however, the Board will continue to evaluate and closely monitor the potential impact of RMB and interest rates movements on the Group. The Group’s cash and cash equivalents amounted to HK$3,913 million (including pledged bank deposits) as at 30 June 2013 and were mostly denominated in RMB, HKD and USD. As at 30 June 2013, the Group had capital commitments in respect of properties under construction and commitments in respect of properties under development amounting to HK$206.2 million and HK$126.2 million respectively. Guarantees given to banks as security for the mortgage loans arranged for the purchasers of the Group’s properties amounted to HK$61.6 million. DISCLOSURE PURSUANT TO RULE 13.22 OF THE RULES GOVERNING THE LISTING OF SECURITIES ON THE STOCk ExCHANGE OF HONG kONG LIMITED (THE “LISTING As at 30 June 2013, the aggregate amount of financial assistance to associated companies by the Group in aggregate exceeded 8% of the assets ratios as defined in Rule 14.07(1) of the Listing Rules. In accordance with the requirements under Rule 13.22 of the Listing Rules, a proforma combined statement of financial position of the associated companies as at 30 June 2013 is presented as follows: Non-current assets Current assets Current liabilities Non-current liabilities Net assets The Group’s attributable interest in the associated companies as at 30 June 2013 comprised net assets of HK$37,042,000. The proforma combined statement of financial position of the associated companies has been prepared by combining their statement of financial position, after making adjustments to conform with the Group’s significant accounting policies as at 30 June Interim Report 2013 In order to retain resources for the Group’s business development, the Board does not declare an interim dividend for the six months ended 30 June 2013 (2012: Nil). As at 30 June 2013, the Group employed approximately 851 full time employees for its principal activities. The Group recognizes the importance of high caliber and competent staff and continues to provide remuneration packages to employees with reference to prevailing market practices and individual performance. Other various benefits, such as medical and retirement benefits, are also provided. In addition, share options may be granted to eligible employees of the Group in accordance with the terms of the share option scheme adopted by the Group. There was no purchase, sale or redemption of the Company’s listed shares by the Company or any of its subsidiaries for the six months ended 30 June 2013. During the period, the Company has complied with the code provisions as set out in the Corporate Governance Code in Appendix 14 of the Listing Rules of The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the “Stock Exchange”). The Company has adopted the Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors of Listed Issuers (the “Model Code”) as set out in Appendix 10 to the Listing Rules as the code of conduct regarding securities transactions by the Directors. Having made specific enquiry of all Directors, the Company confirmed that in respect of the six months ended 30 June 2013, all Directors have complied with the required standard set out in the Model Code. The Company has an audit committee (“Audit Committee”) which was established in accordance with the requirements of the Listing Rules for the purposes of reviewing and providing supervision over the Group’s financial reporting process and internal controls. The Audit Committee comprises three independent non-executive directors. The members of the Audit Committee are Mr. Xin Luo Lin, Dr. Xiang Bing and Mr. Tian Jin. The Audit Committee meets regularly with the Company’s senior management and the Company’s auditor to consider the Company’s financial reporting process, the effectiveness of internal controls, the audit process and risk management. The interim results of the Group for the six months ended 30 June 2013 had not been audited, but had been reviewed by the Company’s auditor, Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu and the Audit Committee. On behalf of the Board, I would like to take this opportunity to express our gratitude to all staff for their devoted efforts and hard work. Hong Kong, 20 August 2013 