The Company is mainly engaged in the design, development and testing of very large integrated circuits. According to the “Guidelines for the Industry Classification of Listed Companies” issued by the CSRC, the industry in which the Company operates is “C Manufacturing Industry – C39 Computer, Communication and Other Electronic Equipment Manufacturing Industry”. According to the information issued by the China Semiconductor Industry Association, in 2020, the sales of integrated circuit industry in China reached RMB884.8 billion, representing a year-on-year increase of 17.0% compared to 2019. Among them, the sales of integrated circuit design industry amounted to RMB377.84 billion, representing a year-on-year increase of 23.3%; the sales of the manufacturing industry amounted to RMB256.0 billion, representing a year-on-year increase of 19.1%; the sales of the packaging and testing industry amounted to RMB250.95 billion, representing a year-on- year increase of 6.8%; For the sales scale of integrated circuit design enterprises in China, according to the statistics of the China Semiconductor Industry Association IC Design Branch, there were 1,780 integrated circuit design enterprises nationwide in 2019. Among them, 238 enterprises are expected to record sales of more than RMB100 million in 2019, accounting for 13.37% of the total number of domestic design enterprises. At present, the number of large-scale integrated circuit design enterprises with sales scale of more than RMB100 million is relatively small, and the domestic market is still dominated by small and micro design companies. Due to the large number of industry participants, the competition in the integrated circuit design industry in China is fierce. In the future, the design enterprises in China will focus on becoming bigger and stronger. The Company is a professional company engaged in the design, development and testing of very large integrated circuits as well as provision of system solutions to customers. The Company has established and improved product lines such as security and identification IC chips, non-volatile memory chips, smart meter ASIC chips, FPGA chips and testing services for IC products, and the products are widely used in numerous fields such as finance, social security, urban public transportation, electronic certificates, mobile payment, anti-counterfeiting traceability, smart phones, security monitoring, industrial control, signal processing and smart computing. The main products of the Company include security and identification IC chips, non-volatile memory chips, smart meter ASIC chips, FPGA chips and testing services for IC products. The details of each product are as follows: INDUSTRY AND PRINCIPAL BUSINESS (Continued) Analysis of Principal Business, Products and Industry Position (Continued) a) The RFID and memory card chip product line of the Company has formed a series of chips such as logic encryption card chips, NFC tag chips, security encryption tag chips, dual interface tags and channel chips and temperature sensor RFID chips. The Company is one of the integrated circuit design companies with more complete RFID chip products and larger shipments in China. The Company’s RFID and memory card chip products are widely used in community access control, personnel certificates, member management, new retail, smart manufacturing, anti- counterfeiting traceability, cold chain monitoring, asset management, mobile payment and many other fields. The end users who use the products of the Company include China UnionPay, Hanshow, SES-imagotag, Alibaba, JD.com, Focus Media and other well-known companies at home and abroad. The Company’s smart cards and security chips are widely used in many fields such as social security, finance, transportation, residents’ health, citizen cards, campus cards, and gas cards. The contactless reader chips of smart identification device chip product line of the Company are widely used in financial POS, on-board unit (OBU), smart door lock, charging pile, campus card, as well as water meter, gas meter, electric meter and heat meter. The end users who use the products of the Company include Newland, Liandi, Pax, Xinguodu, 3M, Xiaomi, China Southern Power Grid and other well-known companies at home and abroad. b) The Company has both the design and mass production capabilities of EEPROM, NOR Flash and SLC NAND Flash products. The storage product capacity covers 1Kbit-4Gbit, and the product capacity and subdivided product series continue to increase. In addition to standard non- volatile storage products, the Company has developed voice coil motor driver and EEPROM two-in-one chips and contact and NFC dual-interface NVM products for industrial applications such as mobile phone camera modules and NFC modules to meet customer needs. Relying on the advantages of complete product lines and strong customized service capabilities, the well- known end customers accumulated by the Company in various fields are as follows: INDUSTRY AND PRINCIPAL BUSINESS (Continued) Analysis of Principal Business, Products and Industry Position (Continued) c) The Company’s smart meter chip products mainly include: smart meter MCU and general low- power MCU, etc. The products are widely used in numerous fields such as smart meters, smart water meters, gas meters and heat meters, smart homes and the Internet of Things. The Company’s smart meter MCU ranks first in terms of the market share of single-phase smart meter MCU in the State Grid, covering most of the domestic meter manufacturers, including Jiangsu Linyang, Wasion Group, Hangzhou Hexing, Ningbo Samsung, Dongfang Wisdom, Zhejiang Chint, Henan Xu Ji, Hangzhou Sunrise, Shenzhen Clou, Hangzhou Huali, etc. d) The Company is in a leading position in the field of domestic FPGA chip design, and is the first domestic manufacturer to launch the hundred-million gate FPGA products. The Company has been conducting FPGA research and development since 2004, and has successively launched the multi-million gate and ten-million gate FPGA chips. In the second quarter of 2018, the Company took the lead in launching hundred-million gate FPGA products with 28nm process. The SerDes transmission rate reached a maximum of 13.1Gbps, and it will be officially sold in 2019. e) The Company currently has established a high-level purification test environment and real-time online production monitoring system, with a 12-inch advanced process IC testing production line and a MEMS testing platform, and has equipped cumulatively more than 200 units (sets) testing technology research and development and analysis systems. The Company adopts the typical Fabless business model of the integrated circuit design industry, which focuses on the integrated circuit design business, and entrusts wafer manufacturing, packaging and testing to wafer manufacturing companies as well as packaging and testing companies to complete the OEM. Core Technology and its Leading Edges and Changes during the Reporting Period a) After years of continuous R&D and technology accumulation, the Company’s security and identification product line has formed relatively obvious technical and R&D advantages in the two key technical fields of radio frequency and security. Based on the mastered advanced RF chip design technology, the security and identification product line has launched RF chip products covering multiple frequency bands such as 13.56Mhz, 900Mhz and 2.4Ghz. These chip products have outstanding radio-frequency performance, especially can adapt to the domestic complex application environment, and have unique advantages in radio-frequency compatibility, providing differentiated competitive advantages for RFID and memory card chips, smart cards and security chips and smart identification device chips. The Company recently launched the dual-frequency temperature measurement RFID chip that supports high frequency and ultrahigh frequency, dual-interface CPU card chip that supports VHBR (Very-High-Bit-Rates, VHBR) and contactless reader chips that supports EMV3.0 standard firstly in the market, all of which are the results of advanced RF technology research. Chip security technology is also a key technology that runs through the three product directions of security and identification. With years of research on security chips, the Company has launched a variety of security chips in the direction of smart cards and security chips that have passed detections of CC EAL5+/EMV, National Secret Level 2 and UnionPay security chips. Also, the Company has also launched a number of chip products that support SM7 and other featherweight security algorithms in the field of RFID and reader chips. The product lines will also introduce more different series of security chips and related security solutions in the future. In addition to the advantages of key chip technology, the product line also has an experienced software and system team, which can integrate the full range of various complementary and synergistic chip products within the product line into a complete solution, so as to provide customers with one-stop service. (Continued) Core Technology and its Leading Edges and Changes during the Reporting Period (Continued) b) Through continuous independent innovation and technological research and development, the Company has achieved the smallest 1.0μm2 cell product in the industry on the 0.13μm (currently the smallest process node achievable for EEPROM devices in the industry) EEPROM process platform and its mass production; realized the mass production of wide-voltage NOR Flash products of 128Mb~8Mb series on the ETOX NOR Flash 55nm platform, and continued to invest in the ETOX NOR Flash 50/40nm process platform and product development; based on the stable mass production of SLC NAND Flash 40nm process node, the Company has started the design and development of 2Xnm process node products. The Company applied a series of technologies in non-dynamic memory direction to products, such as low-voltage and wide- voltage erasing and reading circuit design, high stability and high voltage charge pump design, error correction algorithm (ECC), design to improve the reliability of memory cell erasing and writing and data preservation, wide temperature range and high reliability design, so that all the parameters and reliability indicators of the products meet the international common standards. Meanwhile, the Company has launched temperature-expanded industrial-standard products for the high-temperature application market, and the working temperature can support 105°C and 125°C, which has passed market verification in batches; as a long-term and stable supplier of high reliable products with wide temperature range, the high and low temperature performance and reliability of the Company’s products have been fully verified. c) The Company currently focuses on the smart meter MCU products, which integrate embedded FLASH memory with a maximum capacity of 512KB that can expand external FLASH through XIP to achieve higher capacity, RAM with a maximum capacity of 80KB, 32-bit CPU with core frequency up to 64Mhz, as well as various peripheral communication interfaces such as ADC, temperature sensor, RTC, power management, LCD segment code LCD driver, maximum 8 independent UART, 5 SPI and I2C. The largest package form of the product is LQFP100. While maintaining RTC time and RAM data, the lowest standby power consumption is only round 1μA. The product has built-in real random number generator, AES encryption operation unit, ECC/ RSA public key cryptographic algorithm acceleration engine and HASH hardware accelerator to support FLASH data protection, which fully meets the application requirements of the General Technical Specifications for Single-Phase Smart Energy Meters (2020 Edition) ( (2020 ) ) and the General Technical Specifications for Three-Phase Smart Energy Meters (2020 Edition) ( (2020 ) ). Compared with competitors in the industry, the Company’s products have larger storage capacity, higher main frequency, significantly reduced standby power consumption and significantly smaller chip area than competitors, reflecting the leading chip design capabilities of the Company. (Continued) Core Technology and its Leading Edges and Changes during the Reporting Period (Continued) d) The Company’s FPGA chips focus on SRAM FPGAs, and there are three main product types: ten-million gate FPGA chips, hundred-million gate FPGA chips and embedded programmable device PSoC. In terms of ten-million gate FPGA chips, the Company released ten-million gate FPGA products using 65nm process technology in 2016, and the products include logic units with a capacity of approximately 50k. In terms of hundred-million gate FPGA chips, the Company released hundred-million gate FPGA products using 28nm process technology in 2018. The products include logic units with a capacity of approximately 700k, and the SerDes module supports up to 13.1Gbps. In terms of embedded Programmable System on Chip (PSoC) products, the Qinglong series of Fudan Microelectronics is undergoing sample testing, which is the first embedded programmable PSoC product launched to the market in China. The product adopts 28nm process technology with large-capacity own eFPGA module embedded, and is equipped with APU and multiple AI acceleration engines, which can be widely used in high-speed communication, signal processing, During the reporting period, the Company applied for 23 invention patents, obtained 14 invention patents, 5 utility model patents and 7 software copyright certification, applied for 11 integrated circuit layout designs and obtained 6 integrated circuit layout design registration certificates. As of the end of the reporting period, the Company had 192 domestic and foreign invention patents (including 4 U.S. patents), 12 utility model patents, 3 design patents, 166 integrated circuit layout design registration certificates, and 220 computer software copyrights. The Company is applying for 225 invention patents, and the Company established a complete independent intellectual property system. Number of Number of Number of Number of (Continued) Change (%) Total R&D expenses as a percentage of revenue (%) (4.61) Capitalized Percentage of R&D During the reporting period, the Company constantly increases its investment in research and development, especially the investment in research and development of products with advanced manufacturing process, corresponding materials, processing expenses, employee salaries and amortization of intangible assets have been increasing. Meanwhile, the bases of employee salaries last year were relatively lower resulting from reduction or waiver of social security expenses due to the pandemic. Expected total investment Investment amount for Total investment Progress or milestone Specific application Smart card and For small capacity security authentication chips which support international and state secret algorithms, m a r k e t i n g a n d p i l o t production have been commenced which support international and state secret algorithms and SWP communication interface, engineering sample test has been completed and prepared for marketing and mass production. To develop a series of security control and security authentication chips with high security and low power consumption, c o v e r i n g d i f f e r e n t s t o r a g e c a p a c i t i e s , security algorithms and communication interfaces, which are used for security master control and security authentication applications of IoT equipment. Domestic advancement level. IoT equipment. Expected total investment Investment amount for Total investment Progress or milestone Specific application RFID and storage The security tag chips with P U F a n d a l g o r i t h m encryption function and with featherweight algorithm encryption function have been under mass production and application; and the low- cost security tag chips with built-in featherweight algorithm for off-line forgery detection are under development. The dual frequency three-interface tag chips integrating high- precision temperature sensor have been under mass production and application. The upgrade of NFC high frequency dual interface access chips was completed and commenced mass promotion. UHF tag chips and reader chips are under development. To develop security NFC tag chips for the application fields with authentication requirements such as anti-counterfeiting and traceability based on the security identification, sensing, connection and other requirements at the bottom of the IoT; to develop RFID tag chips integrating temperature sensor for the application fields of identification, temperature measurement and recording; to develop U H F a n d H F d u a l interface access chips with safety algorithm to add a safe air interface for MCU in the equipment so as to meet its contactless and long-distance connection requirements; to develop U H F t a g c h i p s a n d reader chips in line with international and domestic communication agreements to provide integrated chip solutions for UHF RFID applications. The main products are at the international advanced level. Identity identification, electronic shelf, NFC mobile phone standard tag, logistics management, anti- counterfeiting traceability, vehicle management, etc. Smart identification IC equipment The R&D and marketing of high-performance financial POS application chips for high-frequency 13.56MHz contactless reader and writer were completed and entered the stage of large- scale mass production. The tag chip with RF amplification has been developed and entered the stage of certification in small batches. The capacitive touch control k e y c h i p s h a v e b e e n developed and have been applied in batches in the market. To mainly complete the development of chips for sensing, identification and connection in IoT related applications: including 13.56MHz contactless reader chips, forming a complete solution for contactless application w i t h t h e C o m p a n y ’ s RFID chips; tag chips with RF amplification provides solutions for application scenarios with poor RF performance due to poor surrounding RF; to develop of capacitive touch control key chips to provide solutions for touch control requirements in related products. The high-performance contactless reader chips and tag chips with RF amplification applicable to financial POS are at the international advanced level; and capacitive touch control chips are at the leading level in China. Door lock, access control, contactless card reader, OBU, financial POS, subway gate, public bicycle system, etc. (Continued) R&D projects (Continued) Expected total investment Investment amount for Total investment Progress or milestone Specific application The design of a new generation wide voltage (ultra- low voltage) EEPROM memory design platform w a s c o m p l e t e d , a n d the first platform-based product is under R&D. To further optimize the existing design platform, develop a new generation of I2C serial interface EEPROM memory series with wide working voltage range, achieve the goal of smaller area than products with the same capacity in the industry, and applicable to various low-voltage and low-power application fields. Domestic leadership level. Mobile phone module, smart meter, communication, home appliances, display, LCD panel, automotive electronics, computer memory strip, medical instruments, industrial control instruments, Bluetooth module, password lock, etc. In terms of SPI NOR Flash with wide working voltage range, several products a r e u n d e r R & D w i t h some products completed the verification in small batches and enter the small batch production stage; The design of NOR Flash of large capacity and wide temperature sequence interface is under R&D. To develop multi capacity SPI NOR Flash with wide working voltage range and compatible functions for general mainstream products in the market; to develop SPI serial/parallel interface multi capacity NOR Flash series products to expand the temperature range and can be used with FPGA products. Domestic advanced products, and some indicators have reached the domestic leading level. Network communication, IoT module, computer and peripheral products, mobile phone module, display and screen module, smart meter, security monitoring, on-board box, Ukey, automotive electronic medical instruments, chip sealing, industrial control instruments, Bluetooth module, high reliability, etc. The design of a new generation of wide voltage SPI SLC NAND Flash products is coming to an end. The products of temperature range widen SPI serial/ ONFI NAND Flash series have been completed test and verification, and entered the stage of small batch production. S P I S L C N A N D F l a s h p r o d u c t s w i t h w i d e working voltage range, optimize the cost, expand the working voltage range and apply them to various application fields including the IoT, such as PON, security, toys, etc.; large capacity SPI serial/ONFI SLC NAND Flash series to expand the temperature range and can be used Domestic advanced level, and some products with broaden temperature range have reached the domestic leading level. Network communication, security monitoring, on-board box, automotive electronics, medical instruments, etc. (Continued) R&D projects (Continued) Expected total investment Investment amount for Total investment Progress or milestone Specific application Smart Meter The main control MCU of a new generation of 32- bit high-capacity and low-power smart meter based on embedded flash technology has entered the stage of mass production. The ultra-low power 32- bit mixed signal MCU applicable to smart water and gas meter and IoT has entered the stage of mass production. The new generation of high- performance master MCU is in the research and To develop ultra-low power MCU with rich peripheral functions to provide customers with more cost- effective and competitive products. Domestic leadership level. Smart electricity meter, smart water meter/ heat meter/gas meter, IoT related meters and communication modules, smoke alarm and sensor modules, smart home, display panel control, etc. FPGA chips with new scale and performance are under development. Some products have reached the engineering sample stage, and the supporting s o f t w a r e h a s b e e n Based on the existing product line and the needs of FPGA chips in different application fields, to enrich product types, develop FPGA series chips with different sizes and performance, and further improve their supporting development software, so as to expand the application field and Applicable to 5G communication, artificial intelligence, data center, high reliability and other high-performance, large bandwidth and large- Embedded programmable design PSoS Under the product test and small batch production stage. Also, in order to continuously optimize product performance and improve product quality, further carry out a series o f d e s i g n , R & D a n d A s f o r t h e a c c e l e r a t i o n requirements of artificial intelligence, data signal processing and other computing, a series of embedded programmable P S o C c h i p s a r e developed with the fusion architecture of CPU + FPGA + AI to meet the market requirements of rapid deployment, dynamic reconstruction and convenient upgrading of low-cost and energy- efficient intelligent accelerated computing Applicable to video, industrial control, security, AI, high reliability and other (Continued) R&D projects (Continued) Expected total investment Investment amount for Total investment Progress or milestone Specific application Smart electrical The design and verification and Tapeout procedure of A-type residual current protection chips with self-inspection function were completed; Type B residual current protection chips and module are in the sample verification stage; fault arc detection chips and modules have been shipped in small quantities; the research and development of a new generation of fault arc detection chips was commence. To develop new AC-type, A-type and B-type residual current protection chips and modules with self- inspection function in the low-voltage electrical appliance industry, to develop fault arc detection chips and modules with higher sensitivity and higher anti-interference ability, and high-precision, low-power, low delay smart sensing chips and smart master chips related to low-voltage electrical appliances in the industrial IoT, etc. Applicable to leakage R&D and technology upgrade of integrated circuit test Completed the research and d e v e l o p m e n t o f k e y technologies for chip t e s t i n g , a n d f u r t h e r upgraded the relevant testing technologies for chip production and manufacturing. To improve the test business capability and technical level for high-end chip Testing services for chips in 5G communication, artificial intelligence, (Continued) R&D projects (Continued) (Continued) Number of R&D staff as a percentage of the total workforce of the Company (%) Percentage (%) Percentage (%) Aged above 50 Aged 40-49 Aged 30-39 Aged 20-29 As a light-asset enterprise under Fabless mode, the Company builds its core competitiveness centering on the design and R&D business of integrated circuits. In order to ensure the Company’s continuous innovation ability, the Company continues to invest in product research and development, talent team construction, quality and services, domestic and foreign markets and consolidating the supply chain, to strengthen the Company’s operation base and build a moat for corporate development. Multi-level product research and development system and profound technology Since its establishment, the Company has continued to focus on integrated circuit design and R&D. With more than 20 years of development, the Company has accumulated rich industry experience and technology. The Company has strong technical and R&D advantages in the fields of safety and identification chips, nonvolatile memory chips, smart meter chips, FPGA chips and integrated circuit test services. The products of the Company are widely used in various fields such as finance, social security, urban public transport, electronic licenses, mobile payment, anti-counterfeiting and traceability, smart phones, security monitoring, industrial control, signal processing, intelligent computing. Perfect talent training mechanism and incentive mechanism have formed a R&D Integrated circuit design is a technology intensive industry. The Company attaches great importance to the construction of talent echelon. At present, a diversified and multi-level R&D talent echelon has been formed, with digital circuit, analog circuit design talents and system design talents. By the end of the reporting period, the Company had 856 R&D personnel, accounting for 55.84% of the total number of employees. Besides, the Company attaches great importance to the incentive of R&D talents. The Company grants incentives to R&D personnel through the employees’ shareholding platform, so as to combine the personal interests of employees with the long-term interests of the Company’s development; R&D personnel are encouraged to conduct forward-looking exploration and research. By formulating reasonable appraisal indicators, the Company stimulates the R&D personnel’s innovation vitality and research enthusiasm, which effectively guarantees the competitiveness of the Company. The Company attaches great importance to the quality control of products from R&D to delivery, and has established a perfect quality control system. The Company has passed ISO9001 quality control system certification and participated in the formulation of a number of national and industrial standards. After years of market verification, the Company’s products have been recognized by numerous well- known manufacturers at home and abroad, and the market share of many products ranks in the forefront of the industry. While continuing to promote the rapid development of domestic business, the Company takes initiative to participate in international market with the development goal of building a platform with international competitiveness. The Company was successfully listed in Hong Kong in 2000, with international information disclosure channels and rich experience in communication with international investors. In addition, the Company has also set up subsidiaries and branches in the United States, Singapore, Hong Kong, Taiwan and other countries and regions to strengthen the linkage with international industry giants, in-depth understand the development trends of cutting-edge technologies in the industry, and cultivate and enhance the Company’s international market influence and brand awareness. (III) ANALYSIS ON THE CORE COMPETITIVENESS (Continued) The outsourcing suppliers selected by the Company are mainly global well-known companies and domestic leading listed companies with advanced process standards and sufficient capacity reserves, mainly including GLOBAL FOUNDRIES, the wafer foundry, Shanghai Huahong (Group) Co., Ltd., SMIC, and JCET and Huatian Technology, the packaging and testing factories, etc. As a large- scale integrated circuit design enterprise, the Company has diversified products and a wide range of application fields, and has strong ability to resist periodic fluctuations, which can continuously and stably generate the needs of tape-out, packaging and testing, effectively guarantee the operation efficiency and benefits of upstream and downstream enterprises, and improve the Company’s position in the industrial chain. In the first half of 2021, in view of the turnaround of domestic economic situation, the rebound of the industry and the increasing demand for downstream application market, the Group continued to increase investment in product R&D and promoted the optimization of product structure with technological innovation, so as to respond to the technical needs of IoT, financial payment, industry and consumer electronics, high reliable and other application fields in the new era and support the stable growth of the Company’s business performance. In the first half of 2021, the Group achieved an operating revenue of approximately RMB1,128.66 million, representing an increase of approximately 56.05% over the same period in 2020, and a net profit attributable to shareholders of the parent of RMB194.34 million, representing an increase of approximately 221.16% over the same period in 2020. A net profit attributable to owners of the parent after deducting non-recurring profit or loss amounted to RMB161.73 million, representing an increase of 670.90% over the corresponding period last year. The operation of various product lines of the Group in the first half of 2021 is reported as follows: For security and Identification IC Chips, the sales of this category of products increased by 44.20% compared to the same period last year. In the first half of 2021, customer demand has fully recovered. During the reporting period, sales and gross profit have achieved large increases. Among them, non-contact CPU card chips and high-frequency logic encryption chips have increased significantly. In addition to maintaining market share in pure finance, third-generation social security, public transportation and campus card, the security and identification series products have actively expanded new application areas and made breakthroughs in many areas such as libraries, smart dishes, and anti-counterfeiting traceability. For Non-volatile Memory Chips, the sales of this category of products increased by 65.37% compared to the same period last year. In the first half of 2021, the three product lines of SLC NAND FLASH, NOR FLASH and EEPROM were in strong market demand with increasing prices, and the gross profit margin increased accordingly. For smart meter chip, the sales of this category of products increased by 14.47% compared to the same period last year. As a result of price increases and sales growth of non-electric meter MCUs, sales recorded a growth. The Group’s first-standard single-phase meter accounted for more than 60% of the State Grid and is the leading enterprise in the industry, many users in overseas markets have large applications in batches and more products will be introduced continuously. (IV) MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS ON OPERATION (Continued) For FPGA and other chips, the sales of this category of products increased by 132.72% compared to the same period last year, mainly because the current technology of billion-gate FPGA chip has matured to meet the expectations of end customers, and the demand has increased significantly. Because this product requires a large R&D investment, high process and technical requirements, it has a higher gross profit margin than other products. For IC testing services, sales of this category of products increased by 56.20% compared to the same period last year. With the rapid development of the domestic IC industry, the demand for independent third-party chip testing has been promoted. The Company continued to optimize technology and services, strengthened market development in key industries, and further improved its market position in the high-end integrated circuit testing business, achieved steady growth in sales and profitability. On 4 August 2021, the Company completed its listing on the Science and Technology Innovation Board of the Shanghai Stock Exchange with issuance of 120 million RMB ordinary shares to the public at a price of RMB6.23 per share, with a net raised funds of RMB680.28 million. After the issuance, the Company’s net assets will grow. In the early stage when the raised funds are in place, the Company’s return on net assets will decline to a certain extent in the short term due to the inability to show the benefits of investment items, however, the Company’s capital structure has been further optimized and its development momentum has been further strengthened. The Company will take the opportunity of the implementation of the projects invested by the raised funds to accelerate the pace of optimizing the product structure, continue to consolidate its position in the existing market, increase penetration into the core market, and strengthen the Company’s brand promotion capabilities and market development ability and after-sales service capabilities to enhance the Company’s core competitiveness. a) Industry chain risks brought about by the uncertainty of the international trade In recent years, the uncertainty of the international trade environment has increased, and some countries have adopted trade protection measures, and the development of some industries in China has been affected to a certain extent. The integrated circuit industry is characterized by a typical global division of labor and cooperation. Although the Company has maintained a good cooperative relationship with relevant suppliers for a long time, however, if there are major unfavorable changes in the international trade environment in the future, such as escalating trade frictions, shortages in the supply of foundry, IP technology authorization, high-end testing equipment and other products, sharp increases in prices, import restrictions, the procurement of the Company will be affected accordingly, which will cause the Company’s normal production and operation activities to be adversely affected. (V) RISK FACTORS (Continued) Risk analysis of macro-environmental factors (Continued) b) The impact of the COVID-19 on the industrial chain has not completely If COVID-19 rebounds in China or continues to break out in othes countries in the world, and it cannot be effectively controlled, it may have a serious impact on the global semiconductor industry chain, resulting in a shortage of supply capacity of the upstream wafer foundries, packaging and testing plants, and weakening of downstream customer demand, which may have a direct impact on the supply, sales, and payment collection of the Company. a) Although the Company has been in the field of integrated circuits for more than 20 years, it still has certain latecomer disadvantages and scale disadvantages compared with international giants such as NXP ( ), STMicroelectronics ( ), Winbond Electronics ( ), Macronix ( ), Xilinx ( ). The above-mentioned international giants developed earlier, have a strong technical accumulation and talent reserve, and have occupied a large number of market shares. In contrast, the launch of some new products of the Company often needs a long process, which objectively has a certain negative impact on the speed of business development. b) With the increase in the number of companies in the same industry and the expansion of business scale, market competition will become increasingly fierce, and the supply-demand relationship of the industry may change, leading to the risk of a decline in the overall profit rate of the industry. Besides, in case of the technological progress, labor and raw material prices, and the decline in the Company’s product bargaining power in the future, and the Company cannot take effective measures to consolidate and enhance product competitiveness, the average sales price and comprehensive gross profit rate of the Company’s main products will also face the risk of continued decline, which will cause the Company to be at a disadvantage in the fierce market competition and reduce its sustained profitability. a) New product research and development and technical repetitive computing The integrated circuit design industry in which the Company operated in is a typical technology- intensive industry. Technology upgrades and product iterations at a high speed, while chip products have higher technical barriers and obvious advantages of first-mover. If the Company makes mistakes in its judgment of market demand or slow development progress in the follow- up R&D process, it will face the risk of being grabbed for market share by competitors. In addition, the R&D of high-end chips has the characteristics of long development cycle, large capital investment, and high R&D risk. During the research and development process, there is a risk that certain key technologies cannot be broken through or product performance, parameters, and yield rates cannot meet market needs, leading to R&D failure and falling behind the new generation of technology. (V) RISK FACTORS (Continued) Risk analysis of technological development (Continued) b) At present, the domestic chip design industry is developing rapidly, and the competition among enterprises for R&D talents is very fierce. If the Company cannot formulate a good talent incentive policy, or human resource management cannot meet the needs of rapid development, it will face the risk of core talent loss, and it may also fall into a situation where it is difficult to attract talents to join, resulting in the Company’s failure to maintain continuous innovation ability. a) Risks caused by fluctuations in the production capacity, sales price and gross The Company’s main income comes from Security and Identification IC Chips, non-volatile memory, Smart meter chips and others. Product sales are closely related to industry development, market competition, and customer needs. Affected by factors such as intensified industry competition, rapid technological repetition, and changes in product structure, product prices and gross profit margin fluctuations have an impact on the Company’s profitability. The Company’s FPGA production capacity needs to be coordinated with wafer foundries and packaging and testing plants. If timely and sufficient supply is not available, it may face the risk of insufficient production capacity. b) Wafer manufacturing, packaging and testing are both capital and technology-intensive industries, and their industry concentration is relatively high. Accordingly, the concentration of Company suppliers is also relatively high. If the wafer market price and the price of outsourcing processing fees rise sharply, or the Company’s product production is affected due to wafer supply shortages, insufficient supplier capacity, poor production management standards, etc., it will adversely affect the Company’s profitability and product shipments. c) The Company’s integrated circuit design and integrated circuit testing related businesses are encouraged and supported by national industrial policies. The Company has strong scientific research capabilities and obtained more subsidies for scientific research projects during the reporting period, which can make up for the company’s R&D investment to a certain extent. If the government’s support policies for related industries and technology research and development directions change, the sustainability of the company’s receipt of government subsidies will be affected, and it may have an adverse impact on the company’s current operating results. For other risk factors that may be faced in the operations of the Company, investors can refer to the “Section 4 Risk Factors” of the “Intention Letter of Initial Public Offering and Listing on the Science and Technology Innovation Board” disclosed by the Company on 15 July 2021. Change (%) (2,572,632.22) (15.21%) (2,500,004.75) (1,167,272.99) (15,358,562.81) (1,903,339.91) Net cash flow from operating Net cash flows from investing (348,473,034.71) (39,933,747.53) Net cash flow from financing (15,638.15) Reasons for changes in operating income: mainly due to the substantial increase in operating income during the reporting period caused by the strong demand in the downstream application market, and the Company’s continuous investment in research and development, and the launch of new products. Reasons for changes in operating costs: mainly due to the increase in operating income during the reporting period which led to the increase in operating costs. Reasons for changes in selling and distribution expenses: mainly due to the expansion of the Company’s business scale and increased market development during the reporting period, which led to an increase in related expenses; besides, in the first half of last year, some social insurance premiums were waived due to the pandemic, and sales staff reduced their outing work, resulted in a lower cost base in the previous period. Reasons for changes in R&D expenses: mainly due to the continuous increase in R&D investment during the reporting period, especially the increase in R&D of advanced process products, corresponding materials, processing fees, and employee salaries; increase in amortization of intangible assets; besides, social insurance was reduced and exempted due to the pandemic in the first half of last year, resulted in a low base of employee compensation. Reasons for changes in financial expenses: mainly due to the increase in exchange losses and decrease in interest income during the reporting period. Reasons for changes in other income: mainly due to the decrease in revenue from government subsidies for proprietary projects recognized during the reporting period. (VI) MAIN BUSINESS SITUATION (Continued) Main business analysis (Continued) Analysis of Changes in Financial Statements Related Subjects (Continued) Reasons for changes in investment income: mainly due to the increase in losses of associates during the reporting period. Reasons for changes in asset impairment losses: mainly due to the increase in intangible asset impairment losses and inventory depreciation losses during the reporting period. Reasons for changes in income tax expenses: mainly due to the increase in income tax expenses due to the increase in total profits during the reporting period. Reasons for changes in net cash flow from operating activities: mainly due to the substantial increase in cash received from the company’s sales of goods during the reporting period, which led to an increase in cash flow received. Reasons for changes in net cash flow from investment activities: mainly due to the expansion of the Company’s business scale during the reporting period, and the substantial increase in cash paid for the purchase and construction of fixed assets, construction in progress, and intangible assets etc., leading to an increase in payment-related cash flow. Reasons for changes in net cash flow from financing activities: mainly due to the increase in the Company’s demand for working capital during the reporting period and the acquisition of bank borrowings, which led to an increase in related cash flows. Balance as at the end of the Reporting Balance as at the end of the Reporting Period as a percentage of total assets (%) Balance as at the end of the corresponding Balance as at the end of the corresponding period of last year as a percentage of total asset (%) Change in balance as at the end of the Reporting Period as compared with balance as at the end of the corresponding period of last year (%) (10.34) Mainly due to the increase in production and operation investment during the reporting period, which resulted in a decrease in working capital. Accounts Mainly due to the increase in sales during the reporting period, which resulted in an increase in accounts receivable. Balance as at the end of the Reporting Balance as at the end of the Reporting Period as a percentage of total assets (%) Balance as at the end of the corresponding Balance as at the end of the corresponding period of last year as a percentage of total asset (%) Change in balance as at the end of the Reporting Period as compared with balance as at the end of the corresponding period of last year (%) Mainly due to the tight upstream supply chain during the reporting period, which caused the Company to increase inventory, which led to an increase in inventory. Other current Mainly due to the increase in purchases during the reporting period, which led to an increase in input tax to be deducted. Construction in Mainly due to the Company’s purchase of office buildings and machinery and equipment during the reporting period, which led to an increase in construction in progress. Right-of-use Mainly due to the expansion of the business scale during the reporting period and the increase in office space leases, which led to an increase in the right to use assets. Mainly due to the increase in software usage rights purchased during the reporting period and the transfer of proprietary technology after project completion, which led to an increase in intangible assets. Long-term prepaid Mainly due to the completion of the renovation project during the reporting period, which led to an increase in long-term deferred expenses. Other non- current (52.71) Mainly due to the decrease in prepayments for equipment during the reporting period, which led to a decrease in other non-current assets. Mainly due to the expansion of the business scale during the reporting period, the increase in working capital requirements, and new short-term borrowings. (VI) MAIN BUSINESS SITUATION (Continued) Main business analysis (Continued) Assets and liabilities (Continued) Status of assets and liabilities (Continued) Balance as at the end of the Reporting Balance as at the end of the Reporting Period as a percentage of total assets (%) Balance as at the end of the corresponding Balance as at the end of the corresponding period of last year as a percentage of total asset (%) Change in balance as at the end of the Reporting Period as compared with balance as at the end of the corresponding period of last year (%) Contract Mainly due to the increase in orders from the downstream application market during the reporting period, which led to an increase in contract liabilities. (19.52) Mainly due to the increase in VAT input tax during the reporting period, which led to a decrease in VAT payable. Non-current liabilities due within Mainly due to the increase in office space leases during the reporting period, resulting in an increase in non-current liabilities due within one year. Mainly due to the expansion of the business scale during the reporting period and the increase in office space leasing. (34.78) Mainly due to that the government subsidies for some proprietary projects during the reporting period were recognized as other income, which led to a decrease in deferred income. In the first half of 2021, the domestic economic situation has improved, the industry prosperity has rebounded, and demand in downstream application market has recovered. The Group continued to increase investment in product research and development, and promoted product structure optimization through technological innovation, so as to adapt to the technical needs of the Internet of Things, financial payment, industry, consumer electronics and other application fields in the new era,, and to support the Company’s steady growth in operating performance. On 4 August 2021, the Company completed its listing on the Science and Technology Innovation Board of the Shanghai Stock Exchange, and publicly issued 120 million RMB ordinary shares to the public, and raised a net proceed of RMB680.28 million, which further optimized the Company’s capital structure and increased development funds. In the second half of the year, the Company will accelerate the pace of optimizing product structure, continue to consolidate its position in the existing market, increase penetration into the core market, strengthen brand promotion capabilities, market development capabilities and after-sales service capabilities, and enhance the our core competitiveness. The Board expects that the business of the Group will continue to develop steadily in the second half of the year. (VI) MAIN BUSINESS SITUATION (Continued) Main business analysis (Continued) Assets and liabilities (Continued) Status of assets and liabilities (Continued) (VI) MAIN BUSINESS SITUATION (Continued) The Company has completed the issuance of A shares which was listed on the Science and Technology Innovation Board of the Shanghai Stock Exchange on 4 August 2021. The Company’s initial public offering of 120,000,000 ordinary shares of A shares was issued at a price of RMB6.23 per share, and the total amount of funds raised was RMB747.60 million and a net proceed of RMB680.28 million after deducting relevant expenses. Due to the changes in accounting standards, the Board resolved on 16 August 2021 to propose to change the Company’s overseas auditor from Ernst & Young to Ernst & Young Hua Ming LLP, subject to the approval by shareholders at the general meeting. The board of the Company resolved in the board meeting held on 27 August 2021 to propose for change of use of proceed amounted to RMB24,000,000 raised from issuance of A shares for permanent replenishment of working capital. The proposal will be subject to shareholders’ approval at the general meeting. 