I. (i) During the Reporting Period, the total trading volume in the futures market of China was 3.716 billion board lots (all of the followings are per side), representing a year-on-year increase of 47.37% with a total turnover of RMB286.33 trillion, representing a year-on-year increase of 73.05%, among which, the total trading volume of commodity futures and options was 3.656 billion board lots, representing a year-on-year increase of 47.91% with a total turnover of RMB226.39 trillion, representing a year-on-year increase of 94.76%. The total trading volume of financial futures and options was 60.5478 million board lots, representing a year-on-year increase of 20.85% with a total turnover of RMB59.94 trillion, representing a year-on-year increase of 21.77%. As at the end of the Reporting Period, equity held by clients across the country in the futures market exceeded RMB1 trillion, and amounted to RMB1,035.19 billion representing a year-on-year increase of 59.53%. (ii) The price trends of the futures market of China by sector during the Reporting Period are set out as follows: In terms of agricultural products futures, the prices of agricultural products moved in upward oscillation in the first quarter of 2021 due to imported inflation factors and the weather. Due to overseas market’s expectation for tightening monetary policy and the gradual clarification of agricultural product plantation areas, the price performances of agricultural products were mixed in the second quarter of 2021. Among them, prices of the oils and fats and soft commodity sectors sustained oscillation at a high; prices of aquaculture sector plummeted from a resistance level since the beginning of the second quarter of In terms of metal futures, the market prices of black varieties showed a downward oscillation trend as the market was pessimistic about future demand before the Spring Festival came along. After the Spring Festival, market demand turned strong, and the market price of black varieties showed a powerful rise due to de-production of crude steel. Since the second quarter, as the sharp increase in domestic prices of industrial products such as steel and copper, aroused attention of the government, the State Council has repeatedly mentioned bulk commodities at its executive meetings. The National Development and Reform Commission, the Ministry of Industry and Information Technology, among others interviewed steel companies and asked the production restriction policy gave way to ensure supply and stabilize prices, leading to a significant drop in the prices of ferrous and non-ferrous metals. Interim Report 2021 In terms of energy and chemicals futures, the energy and chemical market experienced a general rise in prices driven by crude oil. At the beginning of 2021, with the improvement of the COVID-19 Pandemic (“Pandemic”) and the restrained increase in production by OPEC+ oil-producing countries, which coupled with the market’s optimistic expectation for the great demand in “March and April “, downstream companies made a lot of purchases to build up their inventories, the prices of polyester industry chain varieties rose rapidly around the Spring Festival. Although crude oil prices were still rallying since the second quarter of 2021, the price of chemical products did not rise further due to the less-than-expected improvement in terminal demand and the gradual recovery of foreign supplies, and most chemical products started wide-range fluctuation at high prices. The stock market ushered in a relatively stop-less rise after the beginning of the year of 2021 as the central economic work conference set the tone of not turning sharply in macro policies, and due to the fundamentals of rapid macroeconomic recovery. In particular, driven by the market’s blue-chip shares with big capitalization, the SSE 50 and the CSI 300 attempted at the previous historical highs. At the same time, although the bond market has been under pressure due to risk appetite, with the support of relatively easy and abundant liquidity, the bond market stabilized from a decline. After the Spring Festival, with the rapid increases in the inflation of bulk raw material, the profits of real economic entities, especially small, medium and micro enterprises, have been squeezed or even swallowed. The momentum of economic recovery since this round of the Pandemic gradually weakened. The bond market sentiment was boosted by this. After a rapid adjustment, the stock market fell into a relatively sluggish and oscillation trend. (iii) The draft of the futures law was considered for the first time to regulate and promote the On 26 April 2021, the 28th meeting of the Standing Committee of the 13th National People’s Congress reviewed the Futures Law of the People’s Republic of China (Draft) for the first time. The draft focused on the basic systems concerning trading, settlement and clearance of futures, the protection system for futures traders, the supervision of companies engaged in futures business and futures service providers, the operation of futures trading venues and futures clearing institutions, the supervision and management of futures markets, and legal responsibilities. The draft consists of 14 chapters and 173 articles. The main contents include: clarified the purpose, principles and supervision system of this law; systematically stipulated the trading, settlement and clearance systems of futures; stipulated the basic system of other derivatives transactions; established the rights and interests protection system of futures traders; provided rules governing operation of futures operating institutions, futures trading venues, futures clearing institutions and futures service providers; clarified the supervision and management of the futures market, etc. Guangzhou Futures Exchange was officially established on 19 April 2021. It is China’s first joint-ownership exchange, allowing foreign institutions to own shares in a futures exchange of Mainland China for the first time. Therefore, it is of great exploratory significance. Guangzhou Futures Exchange is positioned as an innovative futures exchange, and its purposes are serving the real economy, serving green development. Adhering to the goal of becoming an innovative, market-orientated and international company, it is of great significance to improving the capital market system of China. New varieties were listed at a much faster pace. During the Reporting Period, the CSRC approved the listing of live hog futures and peanut futures, as well as the listing of crude oil and palm oil futures options. As at the end of the Reporting Period, there were 70 futures products and 24 options products listed on the domestic futures markets. The coordinated development of on-exchange and over-the- counter commodity finance, futures options was further consolidated. Leveraging on futures’ functions, there were as many as 556 A-share listed companies that issued hedging announcements in the first half of 2021, which exceeded the full-year number of 2020; the average daily transactions of legal persons in the national futures market accounted for nearly 40%, indicating that more and more institutions and industrial customers are using the futures market to manage risks. Futures operating institutions actively fulfilled their social responsibilities and contributed to As of the end of Reporting Period, in terms of paired assistance, 116 futures companies have signed 577 paired assistance agreements with 292 out-of-poverty counties (townships and villages). The futures industry contributed RMB969 million for paired assistance. In terms of professional assistance, the futures operating institutions have provided price protection for natural rubber, corn, soybeans, eggs, apples, cotton, sugar and other varieties in out-of-poverty areas in China through the “insurance + futures” model, with an insured value of approximately RMB31.477 billion. In terms of consumer assistance, the futures industry has signed a total of 1,019 purchase and sales contracts through consumer assistance, with a total commodity value of approximately RMB48.6249 million. Interim Report 2021 The futures market is an important investment place for global asset allocation and wealth management. It provides an important channel for the preservation and appreciation of medium and long-term investors such as public funds, corporate annuities, and insurance funds, and diversifies residents’ investment channels and sources to earn financial income. At present, more and more institutional investors and medium and long-term investors have begun to flexibly use financial derivatives such as stock index futures to hedge risks and obtain returns. In 2021, the futures market will become significantly attractive for asset allocation. Customers’ equity is growing steadily. It has now exceeded RMB1 trillion, which has doubled that as at the beginning of 2020; the size of holdings of public funds, corporate annuities, and insurance funds in the stock index futures market increased by 1 time, 1.5 times and 2.6 times respectively, as compared with that at the beginning of 2020. During the Reporting Period, the Group realized operating income and other gains of RMB324.637 million and profit attributable to the Company’s Shareholders of RMB84.274 million, representing a year-on-year increase of 70.60% and 101.78% as compared with RMB190.286 million and RMB41.766 million in the same period of last year, respectively. The improved performance was mainly due to the Group’s active grasping of market opportunities to accelerate the development of the brokerage business by introducing new business models and new varieties and other measures; vigorously leveraging on the over-the-counter business; continued strengthening business synergy with the parent and subsidiary companies to reduce market expansion costs, and enhancing market competitiveness; promoting business initiatives in an orderly manner to improve operational efficiency, and rapidly growing various businesses. As of the end of Reporting Period, the total assets of the Group were RMB15.416 billion, representing an increase of 19.26% as compared with RMB12.926 billion as at the end of 2020. The total liabilities of the Group were RMB13.116 billion, representing an increase of 22.74% as compared with RMB10.686 billion as at the end of 2020. The equity attributable to Shareholders of the Company was RMB2.300 billion, representing an increase of 2.70% as compared with RMB2.239 billion as at the end of 2020. The Group’s gearing ratio (both total assets and total liabilities have excluded accounts payable to brokerage clients) was 30.05%, representing an increase of 11.36 percentage points as compared with 18.69% as at the end of 2020. During the Reporting Period, the Group’s assets were good in quality and its financial position was healthy. The main businesses of the Group include commodity futures brokerage, financial futures brokerage, futures investment consulting, asset management, basis trading, warehouse receipt services, cooperative hedging, market making business, over-the-counter derivatives business, information technology consulting services, and other business activities permitted by the CSRC. (i) During the Reporting Period, the Group insisted on serving entities as the Company’s strategic direction. It established special task forces for serving institutional clients in finance and industry, established a special database of key clients, and actively guided institutional clients to make full use of futures tools to manage operational risks, and helped market players to operate steadily and continuously tapped into the real economy; adhering to the working principle of “One Zhongtai “, it established an effective working mechanism to promote business synergy between the two parties to transaction of securities futures, and enhancing investors’ comprehensive financial service capabilities; adhering to a customer-centric corporate culture, it earnestly advanced transformation of the traditional brokerage business to a wealth management model; by introducing new business models and new varieties, it accelerated development and transformation of the brokerage business, and the main business indicators such as brokerage business income, customers’ equity, trading turnover, and market share continued to rise. Among them, income from brokerage business was RMB240.117 million, representing a year-on-year increase of 68.60%. During the Reporting Period, the Company improved its capability to serve clients by increasing its industry research capabilities about physical commodity sectors. Through vigorously tapping into physical commodity sectors, it continued to improve the Company’s industry research level. At the same time, by combining futures and derivatives instruments with the actual production and operation of industrial customers, the Company identified customers’ needs and provides customers with tailor-made risk management solutions to help customers to operate steadily and improve its customer service capabilities. During the Reporting Period, the Company’s option business continued to be at the forefront of the industry, ranking second in terms of stock options trading volume on the Shanghai Stock Exchange. In addition, the Group’s over-the-counter derivatives business continued to advance steadily and maintained a leading position in the industry. In the first half of 2021, with the drastic volatility of the bulk commodity market, companies had a growing demand for over-the-counter derivatives for risk management. The over-the-counter business team of the Group actively responded to corporate needs and provided various over-the-counter option products to many large entities and financial institutions. Subject to strictly controlling business risks, the Group’s over-the-counter derivatives business maintained a relatively high trading volume and generated solid profits. Interim Report 2021 During the Reporting Period, the Company continued to make efforts on building an online customer service system to enhance customer experience and optimize service procedures. At the same time, the Company continued to strengthen investor education. Through the investment education website and self-media matrix, various investment education publicity and activities were carried out to enhance the investor education and publicity; it strengthened Internet operations to provide more convenient service support for business development and customer maintenance. During the Reporting Period, the Company took effective measures primarily in marketing management, institutional client development, promoting business collaboration, strengthening team building, improving middle and back office support capabilities, and digital transformation to promote business, which were constructive to the development of futures and options brokerage businesses. (ii) During the Reporting Period, income from the Company’s investment consulting business increased by 174.81% over the same period of last year. After reshuffling the work mechanism of the investment consulting business in the past two years, the foundation for the Company’s consulting business is now far more solid with results. Firstly, it further consolidated the ideas and measures of research-driven business development, especially in terms of strengthening the research force with more employees; secondly, it set up the Shanghai branch of the institute to further improve the efficiency and standard of research achievements in supporting the business to make good use of the concentrated resource elements in Shanghai area; thirdly, it further consolidated the internal assessment and incentive mechanism of research services, and promoted the development of investment consulting business. (iii) During the Reporting Period, the Group continued to develop the commodities trading and risk management business through Luzheng Capital, which includes basis trading business, warehouse receipt services, cooperative hedging services, market making business and over-the-counter derivatives business, primarily engaged in inventory management and risk management of commodity prices for clients. During the Reporting Period, the Group’s over-the-counter business continued to advance steadily, with a total nominal principal of RMB53.951 billion and 183 contracted customers were added, effectively providing comprehensive risk management service for various industrial chain entities and financial institutions such as banks, insurance, funds, etc. During the Reporting Period, the Group obtained market-making qualifications for 24 varieties of 4 futures exchanges, including 11 options market-making varieties, and 13 futures market-making varieties. The market-making varieties cover a wide range of industries, and market-making strategies are constantly optimized. The Group actively promoted the development of the warehouse receipt service business, focusing on standard warehouse receipt business, supplemented by non-standard warehouse receipt business. The operation mode was mainly pledge of warehouse receipts, agreed repurchase, and delivery arbitrage, providing strong liquidity support for clients to revitalize their inventory, etc. It designed professional service plans based on the actual needs of customers, and continuously improved service quality and standards, so as to better serve companies engaged in real economy. The Group actively conducted commodity trading in multiple industry chains, concentrating its capital, manpower and other resources on the development of the Group’s dominant varieties. During the Reporting Period, the commodities trading offered by the Group mainly cover ferrous products such as rebar and hot coils, non-ferrous metals such as copper and silver, agricultural products such as grains and apples, and energy and chemical products such as thermal coal. The Group actively explored new basis trading models based on the existing commodity trading model, and tried to include options in basis trading, which further strengthened the cooperative relationship between the enterprise and its upstream and downstream partners, not only protects the profits of small and medium-sized enterprises, but also helps to enhance the Group’s competitiveness in the industry. Interim Report 2021 (iv) The Group firmly believes that information technology infrastructure and information systems are essential to the effective management and successful development of the business, and it continued to invest in information technology. During the Reporting Period, the Company focused on increasing investment in information technology, improving information system service capabilities, and achieving support and empowerment for business development. Firstly, it operated in compliance with safety requirements, improved business and management efficiency, strengthened compliance management, to ensure the stable and safe operation of the system, secondly, it supported business innovation function, continued to optimize the performance of the quantitative system, and improved the service system; thirdly, it actively promoted technological innovations in cloud computing platforms and big data platforms, middle-office, and robotic process automation (RPA) technology, etc., promoted the Company’s use of financial technology to empower business. (i) During the Reporting Period, despite the complex and volatile domestic and international environment, China’s economy continued to recover steadily under the general requirements of normalized Pandemic prevention and control, production demand continued to grow, major macro indicators were in a reasonable range, and economic development showed a steady strengthening and steady improvement. The economy continued to recover. During the Reporting Period, the gross domestic product is about RMB53,216.7 billion, representing a year-on-year increase of 12.7% based on comparable prices, or a decrease of 5.6 percentage points as compared with the first quarter of 2021. The two-year average growth rate was 5.3%, and the two-year average growth rate was 0.3% faster than the first quarter of 2021. By quarter, the gross domestic product of the first quarter of 2021 represents a year-on-year growth of 18.3%, the two-year average growth was 5.0%; the gross domestic product of the second quarter of 2021 represents a year-on-year growth of 7.9%, and the two-year average growth was 5.5%. Economic structure was adjusted and optimized. Firstly, industrial support was increased. In the first half of 2021, the contribution of the added value of the service industry to economic growth reached 53%, representing an increase of 2.1 percentage points from the first quarter of 2021; the proportion of the manufacturing industry was increased. In the first half of 2021, the value added of the manufacturing industry accounted for 27.9% of GDP, representing an increase of 1.3 percentage points over the same period of the previous year. Secondly, the consumption made more contribution. In the first half of 2021, the contribution of final consumption expenditure to economic growth reached 61.7%, representing an increase of 42.5 percentage points higher than the total capital formation; consumption of upgraded products increased rapidly. In the first half of 2021, the average two-year growth rate of retail sales of sports and entertainment products, communication equipments, and cosmetics of companies above designated size exceeded 10%. Thirdly, investment in disadvantaged areas registered rapid growth. In the first half of 2021, the two-year average growth of investment in high-tech industries and social sectors was 14.6% and 10.7% respectively, which were 10.2 and 6.3 percentage points faster than total investment respectively. Fourthly, the ratio of urban income to rural residents’ income decreased. In the first half of 2021, the ratio of per capita disposable income of urban and rural residents was 2.61, representing a decrease of 0.07 from the same period of last year. Innovation momentum continued to increase. First of all, number of new market players grew rapidly. As at the end of the Reporting Period, the number of legal person entities exceeded 30 million for the first time, representing a year-on-year increase of 16.6%. Secondly, new industries and new products saw rapid growth. In the first half of 2021, the added value of high-tech manufacturing above designated size increased by an average of 13.2% in two years, representing an increase of 0.9 percentage point from the first quarter. By product, in the first half of 2021, the output of new energy vehicles, industrial robots, and integrated circuits have all maintained rapid year-on-year growth. Thirdly, business of new operation models and new patterns were growing. In the first half of 2021, the online retail sales of physical goods increased by an average of 16.5% in two years, accounting for 23.7% of the total retail sales of consumer goods. The protection of people’s livelihood continued to improve. Firstly, the employment situation is generally stable. In the first half of 2021, the nationwide surveyed unemployment rate in cities and towns were at an average of 5.2%, representing a decrease of 0.6 percentage point from the same period of last year, and a decrease of 0.2 percentage point from the first quarter of 2021, which was lower than the expected target of around 5.5%. 6.98 million new jobs were created in cities and towns across the country, accounting for 63.5% of the annual target and tasks. As at the end of the Reporting Period, 180 million farmers went to work away from their hometowns, which has basically recovered to the level of the same period in 2019. Secondly, consumer prices rose moderately. In the first half of 2021, consumer prices rose by 0.5% year-on-year, representing a small growth rate. Thirdly, the growth of residents’ income is basically consistent with economic growth. In the first half of 2021, the national per capita disposable income increased by 12% year-on-year in real terms, and the two-year average growth rate was 5.2%, basically in line with economic growth. Interim Report 2021 The Central Economic Work Conference held in December 2020 pointed out that, macro policies should remain consistent, stable and sustainable in 2021. It is necessary to continue a proactive fiscal policy and a prudent monetary policy, maintain the necessary support for economic recovery, and make policy operations more relevant and effective, without abrupt changes. A prudent monetary policy must keep the money supply and the growth rate of social financing in line with the nominal economic growth rate, and keep the macro leverage ratio basically stable. The executive meeting of the State Council of the PRC held in July 2021 pointed out that, in order to cope with the price rises of bulk commodities on the production and operation of enterprises, it is necessary to maintain the stability and effectiveness of monetary policy without providing excessive liquidity, and to apply monetary policies tools such as required reserve ratio (RRR) cuts in a timely manner to further strengthen financial support for the real economy, especially for small, medium and micro enterprises, and promote a steady decline in overall financing costs. Looking forward to the second half of 2021, due to the uncertainty of the strain variation of the COVID-19, normal Pandemic prevention and control will have a certain interference to the global economic recovery. From the perspective of external demand, although the vaccination of the COVID-19 continues to promote the resumption of work and production overseas, objectively speaking, the asynchronous spread of Pandemic overseas and the huge difference in prevention and control results have left the supply chain around the world still under a long-term test. Therefore, although the prime period of China’s foreign trade prosperity may have passed, the decline of the foreign trade prosperity is expected to slow down. From the perspective of domestic demand and investment, the support of investment mainly came from manufacturing and real estate development since this round of recovery. Looking ahead, subject to the constraints of credit funds, there is a high probability of smaller margin for investment in real estate development. Although financial resources are not tight, the development of infrastructure may need relay from foreign trade and consumption momentum to ensure the steady growth of the macro economy. Therefore, in terms of investment, there is a certain amount of potential for development of infrastructure; in terms of consumption, due to the highly infectious COVID-19, and normal Pandemic prevention and control requirements, the recovery of the offline consumer market has also been subject to different constraints. In addition, due to the decline in income directly caused by the Pandemic, the differentiation of social wealth and the impact of the precautionary saving mindset, the spending preference and power also restrict the recovery of the consumer market. Therefore, looking forward to the consumer market in the future, the recovery of the consumer market may sustain the previous trend, with a slow and a long recovery process. In the second half of 2021, the domestic economy will continue to recover, but at a slower pace, and the cycle of this round of economic recovery will also be prolonged due to the slowdown in the recovery. (ii) The Group will continue to firmly grasp its existing advantages, take “serving the real economy” as its mission, and “becoming a leading integrated financial service provider in the field of futures and derivatives” as its goal to further promote the rapid development, transformation and upgrading of the Group. In the second half of 2021, the Group will focus on strengthening work in the seven areas as follows: Firstly, to complete work in accordance with the work plans and tasks formulated at the beginning of 2021; secondly, to strengthen the marketing service team and enhance the research capabilities; thirdly, to increase the number of operating entities and optimize the business layout; fourthly, to increase efforts on acquiring financial institution customers and industrial customers; fifthly, to implement the collaborative work mechanism of “coordinated development, coordinated sales, and coordinated service”; sixthly, to do a solid work in compliance and risk control management to ensure the steady operation of the Group; seventhly, to adhere to the overall leadership of the Central Committee of the Communist Party of China to promote the organic unification of Communist Party building and management. V. LIQUIDITY, FINANCIAL RESOURCES AND CAPITAL As at the end of the Reporting Period, the equity attributable to the Company’s Shareholders was RMB2,300 million (of which share capital was RMB1,001.9 million, share premium was RMB651 million,and retained earnings were RMB357 million), representing an increase of 2.7% as compared with RMB2,239 million as at the end of 2020, which was mainly attributable to the increase in profits during the Reporting Period. During the Reporting Period, the Group’s asset increased and maintained sound asset quality and liquidity. As at the end of the Reporting Period, the Group’s total assets after deducting accounts payable to brokerage clients reached RMB3,288 million, increasing by 19.37% as compared with the total assets of RMB2,754 million as at the end of 2020, after deducting the accounts payable to brokerage customers. Among which, funds deposited with the futures exchanges in the PRC accounted for 29.70%; cash and bank balance accounted for 28.80%; investment assets (including investments in associates and financial assets, especially investment in financial assets with strong liquidity) accounted for 27.12%; and the property and equipment and intangible assets accounted for 1.34%. Interim Report 2021 As at the end of the Reporting Period,the gearing ratio of the Group (both total assets and total liabilities less accounts payable to brokerage clients) was 30.05%, increasing by 11.36 percentage points as compared with that as at the end of 2020. The Group’s operating leverage (the total assets less accounts payable to brokerage clients/equity attributable to the Company’s Shareholders) was 1.43 times, increasing by approximately 16.26% as compared with 1.23 times as at the end of 2020. As at 30 June 2021, the Group’s total liabilities were RMB13,116 million, among which, RMB12,128 million was accounts payable to brokerage clients. The remaining liabilities (net of accounts payable to brokerage clients) were RMB988 million, of which RMB146 million was derivative financial liabilities, RMB530 million was payable to over-the-counter option clients, RMB90 million was for staff cost payable, RMB23 million was lease liabilities. The Group has sufficient resources to repay the aforementioned liabilities. During the Reporting Period, the aging analysis of accounts payable was not applicable to the Group. The Company dynamically monitors the net capital regulatory indicators on real time basis. A simulation test and stress test will be done on regulatory indicators such as net capital before any material capital investment is made to ensure the Company’s continuing compliance in terms of regulatory indicators. After taking into consideration of the available financial resources, including cash flow from operating activities, the Group has sufficient working capital to meet the capital demand for its business development. The foreign currency assets and liabilities held by the Group are insignificant as compared with the total assets and total liabilities. In terms of the Group’s revenue structure, a majority of the business transactions are denominated in Renminbi, and the proportion of income from foreign currency transactions is not significant. Therefore, the Group considers that its risk of exchange rate changes is immaterial. The Group does not use any derivative financial instruments to hedge the risk of exchange rate changes for now. (i) The Group did not conduct any equity financing during the Reporting Period. (ii) The Group did not conduct any bond financing during the Reporting Period. During the Reporting Period, the Group made additional capital contribution of RMB5 million to the joint venture Shandong Trading Market Clearing House Co., Ltd. VIII. ACQUISITION AND DISPOSAL OF MATERIAL ASSETS, As at the end of the Reporting Period, the Group’s physical commodities with a book value of RMB65,528 thousand were pledged to the futures exchange as a trading margin. Except as disclosed above, during the Reporting Period, there was neither acquisition, disposal or replacement of the Group’s material assets or business merger, nor any major external guarantee, mortgage, pledge, etc., that affected the Group’s financial position and operating results. Details of contingent liabilities are set out in note 36 to the interim condensed financial information of this report. As at the end of the Reporting Period, the Group had a total of 555 employees. During the Reporting Period, the cost of employees of the Group amounted to approximately RMB130.7250 million, details of which are set out in note 8 to the condensed interim financial information of this report. The Group established a remuneration system which allows management by sequence, links incentives and constraints to performance assessment. It is competitive as compared with its peers and features fairness within the Group. It has corresponding remuneration incentive policies for different talents. Under a strict performance assessment mechanism, it also increased incentives for excellent employees, which inspired the enthusiasm of the employees and continuously improved the Group’s operating results. The remuneration of the employees of the Group consists of basic salary, performance wage, bonus, regional subsidies, degree allowances, sales commissions, dispatch subsidies, special incentives and insurance benefits. Basic salary is determined based on consolidated factors such as job duties, responsibilities, operation scale, salary offered by peers, the area where the business of the Group is located, as well as knowledge and experience of the employee; performance wage and bonuses are variable pay based on the performance appraisal results of various departments and employees; sales commissions are performance commissions payable to motivate salespersons to generate revenue. Interim Report 2021 The Group enters into employment contracts with each employee to establish employment relationships with them according to applicable laws and regulations of the PRC. The Group provides each employee with various social insurances and housing provident fund and company annuity. Payment of the above social insurances, housing provident fund and company annuity are administered by local companies. During the Reporting Period, the Company continued to strengthen employee training. Firstly, the Company focused on the improvement of job competencies, and took the lead in building the basic job training system for the operating entities and the delivery liaison job training system. A total of 26 internal trainings, 5 live broadcast trainings offered by the associations and exchanges, and 1 “face-to-face” training on business handover with the exchange were organized. 20 micro-courses were given on the E-Learning platform to help employees to improve their job competencies, further enrich the Company’s curriculum system, and assisted Zhongtai Securities to build an institutional business manager training system; secondly, the Company focused on the extraction and transformation of advanced experience, increased sharing-based learning and seminars on topical exchanges. Thematic exchange was arranged for all the five training programs of the business entity leaders’ leadership enhancement, wealth management business exchanges (phase 2), and solution course development and presentation skills (phase 2), paying attention to the effectiveness of training; thirdly, the Company focused on the development of different talents, increased the selection and training of reserve talents, contributed to the improvement of middle and high-level leadership, and promoted the construction of learning organizations. (i) Major risks affecting the Group’s operation include credit risk, market risk, liquidity risk, operational risk, compliance risk and reputational risk. The above risks are caused by various uncertainties in the business activities of the Group. Credit risk refers to the risk resulting from the failure of a counterparty to timely perform its contractual obligations. The Group’s credit risk mainly comes from risk management business and futures brokerage business such as commodity trading and over-the-counter options. In order to cope with credit risks, the Group has adopted the following risk management measures: (1) for credit risks related to the commodity trading and risk management business, the Group has established a client credit evaluation system and assessed the creditworthiness of the Group’s existing and prospective clients based on the Group’s onsite investigation and independent third-party investigation, and adjusts the credit ratings of the Group’s clients on a continuous basis. Before signing a contract, the Group decides whether to sign a contract or agree to increase interest or commodity prices in a trading contract based on the rating results to compensate for the credit risk exposed to the Group; (2) for credit risks related to the futures brokerage business, when signing a brokerage contract with a client, the Group conducts risk rating on the clients based on their assets, professional knowledge on futures, trading experiences, risk appetite and risk tolerance, and provides appropriate services to its clients and implements corresponding risk management measures accordingly. Meanwhile, the Company requires its clients to maintain higher margin deposits than the minimum required by the futures exchanges in the PRC. When the customer’s margin is insufficient, the relevant risk control personnel will strictly abide by the Company’s internal control system based on the customer’s past trading experience and reputation to close the position in a mandatory way, which can control the risk of negative equity on the books and retain high-quality customers. Market risk refers to the risk of loss resulting from the changes in market price and interest rate. The Group is mainly exposed to equity asset price risk, commodity price risk, option pricing risk, hedging risk and interest rate risk. In order to cope with market risks, the Group has adopted the following risk management measures: (1) the Group has established a systematic investment mechanism, continuously strengthens analysis of the financial market, and requires business departments to submit an application to the Company’s management stating the transaction’s nature, analysis of potential market risks and possible consequences, before proceeding with a new investment project; (2) the Group has adopted diversified trading strategies to avoid concentrated capital use, and reduce losses from systemic risks, strengthening research of interest rate and exchange rate risks to make decisions about capital use in a more forward-looking manner, asking the investment decision-making committee of its own funds to use standardized process to determine whether the plan is feasible; (3) quantitative indicators are used to track and monitor various risk limits in the transaction and risk control process. The Company increases monitoring of the exposure limit, concentration limit, preset warning line, the stop-loss line and the scale of holding positions. There is a dedicated employee in charge of monitoring to enhance risk hedging and reduce the loss caused when the market price fluctuates sharply or does not meet our expectations. Interim Report 2021 Liquidity risk refers to the liquidity risk in which the available funds cannot meet the liabilities or funds repayment obligations in the operation, and the liquidity risk of inability to buy or sell futures, spot, and option contracts at market prices. In order to cope with liquidity risks, the Group adopted the following risk management measures: (1) established a net capital risk assessment and monitoring system to continuously monitor the Company’s net capital and other risk monitoring indicators; the Group strengthened real-time monitoring and management of large amounts of capital, in order to achieve centralized fund allocation and collaborative liquidity risk management; (2) conducted stress tests on risk monitoring indicators from time to time to simulate the impact of drastic market price fluctuations, severe shortage of market liquidity or major changes in the macroeconomic environment on the Company’s important regulatory indicators and cash flow, and formulate preventive measures and emergency plans accordingly; (3) in the commodity trading and risk management business, the commodities that are actively traded in the spot market are selected for business, and the position ratio is strictly controlled in the option business to reduce the risk of trading liquidity. Operational risk refers to the risk of loss caused by a series of non-financial issues such as imperfect internal operating procedures, personnel, systems or external events. In order to cope with operational risks, the Group has adopted the following risk management measures: (1) Developing and strictly implementing a documented internal control system and work process, which covers all business lines of the Company, including personnel administration, brokerage business, intermediary management, and transaction, settlement, delivery, compliance and internal control, risk control, legal affairs, anti-money laundering, customer service, financial management, information technology, research and development and investor education, asset management, options business, etc., and continues to expand and improve according to the updated laws and regulations, regulatory requirements and new business; (2) the Group continuously reviewed the risks of each business line, formed a checklist, and continuously improved the process, strengthened the accountability, improved the staff’s business operation capability, striving to reduce the operational risks caused by internal operating procedures and personnel errors. It strictly implemented reward and punishment measures for entities or individuals that cause operational risks or effectively avoid operational risks, and actively reflected on and rectifying within the organization to prevent similar risks from recurring; (3) in order to avoid the moral hazard of employees, the Group adopted a human-oriented approach and established open, fair and just incentive measures concerning compensation, promotion and others, to create a good development environment for employees, strengthens employees’ sense of responsibility and dedication to work, and conducted professional ethics training, formulated rules about the operation behavior of employees at work, prohibiting profit transmission and market manipulation behavior, and reduce the possibility of human operation risks; (4) the Group has a strict internal audit system, and an audit department regularly audits the reasonableness and legality and effectiveness of the Group’s internal control system, treasury operation and financial revenue and expenditure of each business entity, functional departments and subsidiaries’ business processes and job duties. It put forward opinions for rectifying violations and illegal issues discovered during the audit process and supervise the implementation of such proposals. Compliance risks refer to risks of economic loss or reputation loss due to legal sanctions, regulatory measures, self-disciplinary sanctions imposed on the Group or its employees as a result of business activities or its employees’ behaviors that violate laws, regulations, and regulatory rules. In order to cope with compliance risk, the Group adopted the following risk management measures: (1) built up a comprehensive compliance management and organization system; appointed a chief risk officer who is responsible for the Company’s risk management, internal control and compliance, auditing, etc.; (2) the Company established compliance risk control management personnel in various branches, headquarters functional departments and risk management subsidiaries to strengthen prior and in-process risk control; (3) the Company’s compliance and risk control department and the audit department work under the guidance of the chief risk officer, and manage to reduce possibility of compliance risks by promptly interpreting the latest laws and regulations, organizing compliance training, giving compliance consulting, and conducting internal audits. Interim Report 2021 Reputational risk refers to the risk that the Company’s operations, management and other actions or external events result in a negative evaluation of the Company by the stakeholders. It is possible to involve the Company in costly litigation cases and result in loss of revenues, clients or key employees. In order to cope with reputational risks, the Group adopts the following risk management measures: (1) always strives to protect the legitimate rights and interests of clients and investors, ensure timely handling of various complaints and disputes, continue to pay attention to negative information related to the Group, and collect early reputational risk warning information from various channels, and take risk response measures in a timely manner; (2) At the same time, the Group established a good internal reputational risk management system, to further improve the incentive and constraint mechanism and reduce the possibility of damage to the Group’s reputation. (ii) The Board of Directors is the highest decision-making organ for risk management. It has a risk control committee and an Audit Committee to review and audit major risk issues; the Supervisory Committee is responsible for overseeing the Board’s duty-performing towards risk management; the senior management is responsible for organizing and carrying out the Company’s comprehensive risk management in the usual course of business; the chief risk officer is responsible for organizing, coordinating, and implementing various comprehensive risk management tasks; the compliance and risk control department is the central management department in charge of the Company’s comprehensive risk management, responsible for implementing specific risk management tasks and evaluating their effectiveness; other functional departments and branches have their own compliance risk control personnel, responsible for organizing the identification, evaluation, response and reporting of various risks of their organization. The Company continued to standardize the operating mechanism of the general meeting and improve the corporate governance structure to ensure that all Shareholders, especially small and medium Shareholders, enjoy equal status to protect the interests of small and medium Shareholders; ensure that the Board of Directors provides strategic guidance to the Company and effective supervision of the Company’s operation and management. It gave full play to the role of the professional committees of the Board of Directors and the Company’s independent non-executive Directors; gave full play to the monitoring role of the Supervisory Committee over the Board of Directors, the senior management and the Company’s financial status; ensure timely and accurate disclosure of major matters related to the Company. The Group continued to establish and improve a comprehensive risk management system, established a risk preference system including risk appetite, risk tolerance, and overall risk limits, and promoted the construction of a risk execution information system. The Group’s risk management covers all departments and subsidiaries of the Group, penetrates into all business activities, throughout the business course, and summarizes the risk information and business information of each business branch and subsidiary of the Company as a unit, and conducts overall risk analysis and management, centralized supervision and reporting. The Group attaches great importance to increasing the risk awareness and risk control capabilities of all employees. Through various lectures and training within the Group, it consistently enhances the ability of all employees to identify and prevent risks, strengthens the risk management awareness of all employees, fosters an excellent risk management culture and ensures the realization of the overall target of the Group in risk management. 