The following table sets forth the comparative figures for the six months ended June 30, 2021 and 2020. Six months ended June 30, Adjusted operating profit/(loss) Adjusted net profit/(loss) Our total revenues decreased by 13% year-on-year to RMB1,416 million for the Reporting Period, compared to RMB1,624 million for the same period last year, mainly due to the decrease in revenue from our financing lease services. Our new core services revenues, which include revenues from loan facilitation transactions and new self- operated financing lease transactions we facilitated during the Reporting Period, increased by 58% year-on-year to RMB752 million, compared to RMB476 million for the same period last year. The following table sets forth the comparative figures for the six months ended June 30, 2021 and 2020. Six months ended June 30, Other self-operated services(1) Note: Include revenues from operating lease services, automobile sales and other revenues. Revenues from our transaction platform business increased by 63% year-on-year to RMB810 million for the Reporting Period, compared to RMB496 million for the same period last year, mainly due to the increase in revenues from our loan facilitation services. Our transaction platform business contributed 57% of total revenue for the Reporting Period, compared to 31% for the same period last year. Revenues from our loan facilitation services increased by 46% year-on-year to RMB673 million for the Reporting Period, compared to RMB462 million for the same period last year. Along with the recovery of China’s economy and auto industry, during the Reporting Period, we facilitated approximately 181 thousand financed transactions through our loan facilitation services, representing a 76% year-on-year increase in volume. Revenue contribution from our loan facilitation services increased to 47% during the Reporting Period, compared to 29% for the same period last year. Revenues from our other platform services increased by 307% to RMB137 million for the Reporting Period, compared to RMB34 million for the same period last year, mainly due to the increase in revenue from auto after- market services and guarantee service. We launched auto after-market services since July 2020 to enrich the scope and value added to our customer and generated revenue of RMB53 million for the Reporting Period. Our revenue from guarantee service was RMB85 million for the Reporting Period, which increased by 408% from RMB17 million for the same period last year, as two subsidiaries of the Group with financing guarantee licence provided guarantees on loans with respect to our loan facilitation services. Revenues from our self-operated financing business decreased by 46% year-on-year to RMB606 million for the Reporting Period, compared to RMB1,128 million for the same period last year, primarily due to the decrease in revenues from financing lease services. Revenues from our financing lease services decreased by 47% year-on-year to RMB588 million for the Reporting Period, compared to RMB1,111 million for the same period last year, due to the decrease in revenues from existing financing lease transactions in prior periods. During the Reporting Period, we generated RMB509 million revenues from existing financing lease transactions in prior periods and RMB79 million revenues from new financing lease transactions, compared to RMB1,097 million and RMB14 million, respectively, for the same period last year. During the Reporting Period, we facilitated approximately 47 thousand financed transactions through self-operated financing business, representing a 160% year-on-year increase in volume, mainly due to the recovery of China’s economy and auto industry. The average yield of our net finance receivables(1) was 9.8% for the Reporting Period, compared to 9.7% for the same period last year, primarily due to the increase in sales volume as a result of our sales promotion and the gradual recovery of China’s economy and auto industry from the previous downturn due to the COVID-19 pandemic. Note: Revenues from financing leases services divided by quarterly average balance of net finance receivables. Revenues from our other self-operated services increased by 5% year-on-year to RMB18 million for the Reporting Period, compared to RMB17 million for the same period last year, primarily due to the increase in automobile sales. Revenue from automobile sales was RMB16 million for the Reporting Period, compared to RMB11 million for the same period last year. Cost of revenues decreased by 20% year-on-year to RMB709 million for the Reporting Period, compared to RMB889 million for the same period last year, primarily due to the decrease in funding costs associated with our self-operated financing business, which was partially offset by the increase in commissions associated with our loan facilitation services and the increase in costs associated with our automobile sales. Cost of revenues of our transaction platform business increased by 72% year-on-year to RMB357 million for the Reporting Period, compared to RMB207 million for the same period last year. The increase was primarily due to the increase in commissions associated with our loan facilitation services. Loan facilitation commissions were RMB352 million for the Reporting Period, compared to RMB193 million for the same period last year. Cost of revenues of our self-operated financing business decreased by 48% year-on-year to RMB352 million for the Reporting Period, compared to RMB681 million for the same period last year, primarily due to the decrease in funding costs associated with our self-operated financing business. Funding costs decreased by 55% year-on-year to RMB285 million for the Reporting Period, compared to RMB637 million for the same period last year. The average funding cost of our net finance receivables(1) was 4.8% for the Reporting Period, slightly decreased from 5.6% for the same period last year. Note: Funding costs divided by quarterly average balance of net finance receivables. Six months ended June 30, Our total gross profit decreased by 4% year-on-year to RMB707 million for the Reporting Period, compared to RMB735 million for the same period last year, primarily due to the decrease in total revenues. Our overall gross profit margin increased to 50% for the Reporting Period, compared to 45% for the same period last year. Gross profit of our transaction platform business increased by 57% year-on-year to RMB453 million for the Reporting Period, compared to RMB288 million for the same period last year, mainly due to the revenue increase in our loan facilitation services. Gross profit margin of our transaction platform business decreased to 56% for the Reporting Period, compared to 58% for the same period last year, primarily due to the change of revenue mix in our transaction platform business. Gross profit of our self-operated financing business decreased by 43% year-on-year to RMB254 million for the Reporting Period, compared to RMB447 million for the same period last year, mainly due to the decrease in revenue of our financing lease services. Gross profit margin of our self-operated financing business increased to 42% for the Reporting Period, compared to 40% for the same period last year, primarily due to the decrease in funding costs. The average spread of our net finance receivables(1) was 5.0% for the Reporting Period, compared to 4.1% for the same period last year, primarily due to the decrease in funding costs associated with our self-operated financing business. Note: Difference between the average yield of net finance receivables and the average funding cost of net finance receivables. Selling and marketing expenses increased by 43% year-on-year to RMB573 million for the Reporting Period, compared to RMB402 million for the same period last year, primarily due to the increase in salary, employee benefit and professional service fees. Share-based compensation expenses for our sales and marketing personnel were RMB8 million for the Reporting Period, compared to RMB9 million for the same period last year. Our administrative expenses decreased by 17% year-on-year to RMB186 million for the Reporting Period, compared to RMB224 million for the same period last year, primarily due to the decrease of provision for impairment of other non-current assets and share-based compensation expenses. Share-based compensation expenses for our administrative personnel were RMB21 million for the Reporting Period, compared to RMB47 million for the same period last year. Our research and development expenses decreased by 22% year-on-year to RMB64 million for the Reporting Period, compared to RMB82 million for the same period last year, primarily due to the decrease in salary, employee benefit and share-based compensation expenses. Share-based compensation expenses for our research and development personnel were RMB6 million for the Reporting Period, compared to RMB8 million for the same period last year. Credit impairment losses include provision for expected credit losses of finance receivables, provision for expected credit losses of risk assurance liabilities, and provision for impairment of trade receivables and other receivables. Credit impairment losses decreased by approximately 93% year-on-year to RMB99 million for the Reporting Period, compared to RMB1,489 million for the same period last year, primarily due to the decrease in provision for expected credit losses of finance receivables. Provision for expected credit losses of finance receivables was RMB46 million for the Reporting Period, compared to RMB1,381 million for the same period last year, as we took proactive steps to tighten underwriting standards for new loans that we facilitated as well as reinforced our effort in the collection of overdue payments. Our other gains, net increased by 22% year-on-year to RMB108 million for the Reporting Period, compared to RMB89 million for the same period last year. The increase was primarily attributable to the increase in gains associated with business cooperation agreements with Yusheng. Our operating loss for the Reporting Period was RMB107 million, compared to RMB1,372 million for the same period last year, mainly due to the decrease in credit impairment losses. Our finance income, net for the Reporting Period was RMB3 million, compared to a finance cost, net of RMB3 million for the same period last year, mainly due to the increase in interest income from our bank deposits. Our income tax expense was RMB22 million for the Reporting Period, compared to an income tax benefit of RMB323 million for the same period last year, mainly due to the decrease in our operating loss incurred during the Reporting Period. Our loss was RMB135 million for the Reporting Period, compared to RMB1,053 million for the same period last year, due to the decrease in gross profit and credit impairment losses. The Board did not recommend the payment of an interim dividend for the Reporting Period (2020: nil). To supplement our interim condensed consolidated financial information, which are presented in accordance with the IFRSs, we also use adjusted operating profit and adjusted net profit as additional financial measures, which are unaudited and not required by, or presented in accordance with, IFRSs. We present these financial measures because they are used by our management to evaluate our financial performance by eliminating the impact of items that we do not consider indicative of our business performance. We also believe that these non-IFRSs measures provide additional information to investors and others in understanding and evaluating our consolidated results of operations in the same manner as they help our management compare our financial results across accounting periods and with those of our peer companies. Adjusted operating profit/(loss) eliminates the effect of certain non-cash items and one-time events, namely fair value gain on financial assets, amortization of intangible assets resulting from asset and business acquisitions and share- based compensation expenses (“Adjusted Operating Profit/(Loss)”). Adjusted net profit/(loss) eliminates the effect of the aforesaid items and any related tax impact (“Adjusted Net Profit/(Loss)”). The terms Adjusted Operating Profit/(Loss) and Adjusted Net Profit/(Loss) are not defined under the IFRSs. The use of Adjusted Operating Profit/ (Loss) and Adjusted Net Profit/(Loss) has material limitations as an analytical tool, as they do not include all items that impact our loss for the relevant periods. The effect of items eliminated from Adjusted Operating Profit/(Loss) and Adjusted Net Profit/(Loss) is a significant component in understanding and assessing our operating and financial performance. In light of the foregoing limitations for Adjusted Operating Profit/(Loss) and Adjusted Net Profit/(Loss), when assessing our operating and financial performance, you should not view Adjusted Operating Profit/(Loss) in isolation or as a substitute for our operating loss, nor should you view Adjusted Net Profit/(Loss) in isolation or as a substitute for our loss for the year/period or any other operating performance measure that is calculated in accordance with IFRSs. In addition, because these non-IFRSs measures may not be calculated in the same manner by all companies, they may not be comparable to other similarly titled measures used by other companies. The following tables reconcile our Adjusted Operating Profit/(Loss) and Adjusted Net Profit/(Loss) for the periods presented to the most directly comparable financial measures calculated and presented in accordance with IFRSs. Adjusted Operating Profit/(Loss) and Adjusted Net Profit/(Loss) are not required by, or presented in accordance with, IFRSs. Six months ended June 30, Add: Adjusted operating profit/(loss) Six months ended June 30, Add: Adjusted net profit/(loss) Our adjusted operating profit was RMB105 million for the Reporting Period, compared to an adjusted operating loss of RMB1,190 million for the same period last year. The increase was mainly due to the decrease in credit impairment losses. Our adjusted net profit was RMB72 million for the Reporting Period, compared to an adjusted net loss of RMB871 million for the same period last year. The increase was mainly due to the decrease in credit impairment losses. June 30, December 31, We provide financing lease services in our self-operated financing business segment, and in return, customers pay us interest and principal on a monthly basis. Our carrying amount of finance receivables decreased to RMB11.0 billion as at June 30, 2021, compared to RMB12.8 billion as at December 31, 2020, mainly due to our strategy to focus on the provision of loan facilitation services. The following table sets forth our net finance receivables, the amount of net finance receivables that are past due and the corresponding past due ratios, and the amount of provision for expected credit losses and the corresponding coverage ratios as at the dates indicated: June 30, December 31, (RMB’000, except for percentage) Finance receivables, net (ending balance) Provision for expected credit losses (ending balance) Provision to net finance receivables ratio(1) Note: Provision for expected credit losses divided by net finance receivables. The following table sets forth past due ratios for all financed transactions through both our self-operated financing lease services and our loan facilitation services to assess the overall quality of our financed transactions: June 30, December 31, (RMB’000, except for percentage) Past due ratio: 180+ days(1) 90+ days (including 180+ days)(2) Notes: 180+ days past due net finance receivables from our self-operated financing lease services and past due outstanding loan balances from our loan facilitation service divided by total net finance receivables and outstanding loan balances. 90+ days (including 180+ days) past due net finance receivables from our self-operated financing lease services and past due outstanding loan balances from our loan facilitation service divided by total net finance receivables and outstanding loan balances. As at June 30, 2021, our 180+ days past due ratio and 90+ days (including 180+ days) past due ratio for all financed transactions through both our self-operated financing lease services and loan facilitation services were 1.67% and 2.18%, respectively (December 31, 2020: 1.62% and 2.28% respectively). As at June 30, 2021, our cash and cash equivalents amounted to RMB3,020 million, compared to RMB2,712 million as at December 31, 2020. The increase in cash and cash equivalent was mainly due to the collection of interest and principal from our financing lease services. As at June 30, 2021, RMB2,804 million of our cash and cash equivalents were denominated in RMB, compared to RMB2,687 million as at December 31, 2020. Our net cash inflow generated from operating activities was RMB2.5 billion for the Reporting Period, compared to RMB7.4 billion for the same period last year. By leveraging our leading industry position as well as prudent and sound risk management track record, we are highly recognized among China’s financial institutions and have established diversified and extensive funding channels to support the provision of our loan facilitation services and self-operated financing lease services. For our loan facilitation services, we currently work with 21 banks and financial institutions as our partners. In addition to our equity funding and cash flow from operations, we also issued asset backed securities and notes as well as obtained loans and borrowings from banks and other financial institutions. As at June 30, 2021, our total borrowings were RMB8.2 billion, compared to RMB10.1 billion as at December 31, 2020. The decrease was mainly due to the Company’s reduced direct lending and strategy to focus on loan facilitation services. Total borrowings comprised of (i) asset backed securities and notes of RMB2.1 billion as at June 30, 2021; and (ii) bank loans and borrowings from other institutions of RMB6.1 billion. Asset backed securities and notes as a percentage of our total borrowings was 25% as at June 30, 2021. Details of the currencies, maturities and interest rates of the borrowings are set out in Note 24 to the interim condensed consolidated financial statements. Yixin is a seasoned and highly recognized issuer in China’s asset backed securities market. As at June 30, 2021, Yixin has offered in aggregate 28 asset backed securities and notes publicly, with a total issuance amount of over RMB37.9 billion on Shanghai Stock Exchange (“SSE”), National Association of Financial Market Institutional Investors (“NAFMII”), and Shanghai Insurance Exchange (“SHIE”). Our net current assets were RMB7,903 million as at June 30, 2021, compared to RMB6,668 million as at December 31, 2020. Our current assets were RMB15.9 billion as at June 30, 2021, compared to RMB16.9 billion as at December 31, 2020, primarily due to the decrease of finance receivables as a result of our strategy to focus on the provision of loan facilitation services. Our current liabilities were RMB8.0 billion as at June 30, 2021, compared to RMB10.2 billion as at December 31, 2020, primarily due to the repayment of borrowings due. Our total equity decreased to RMB14.4 billion as at June 30, 2021, compared to RMB14.5 billion as at December 31, 2020, primarily due to the net loss incurred during the Reporting Period. June 30, December 31, Current ratio (times)(1) Gearing ratio(2) Debt to equity ratio (times)(3) Notes: Current ratio is our current assets divided by our current liabilities at the end of each financial period. Gearing ratio is net debt divided by total capital at the end of each financial period. Net debt is calculated as total borrowings (including loans payable to Bitauto, its subsidiaries and consolidated affiliated entities) plus lease liabilities, less our cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash. Total capital is calculated as total equity plus net debt. Debt to equity ratio is total borrowings (including loans payables to Bitauto, its subsidiaries and consolidated affiliated entities) plus lease liabilities divided by total equity at the end of each financial period. Our current ratio increased to 1.99 as at June 30, 2021, compared to 1.65 as at December 31, 2020, mainly due to the decrease in the current liabilities of the Group. Our gearing ratio decreased to 16% as at June 30, 2021, compared to 25% as at December 31, 2020, mainly due to the decrease in the net debt of the Group. Our debt to equity ratio decreased to 0.57 as at June 30, 2021, compared to 0.70 as at December 31, 2020, mainly due to the decrease in total borrowings. Six months ended June 30, Investments in associates and subsidiaries measured at fair value Our Group’s subsidiaries primarily operate in the PRC and are exposed to foreign exchange risk arising from various currency exposures, primarily with respect to the United States dollar and the Hong Kong dollar. Therefore, foreign exchange risk primarily arose from recognized assets and liabilities in our Group’s PRC subsidiaries when receiving or to receive foreign currencies from, or paying or to pay foreign currencies to, overseas business partners. We did not hedge against any fluctuation in foreign currency nor did we use any financial instruments for hedging purposes during the Reporting Period. Details of the currencies in which cash and cash equivalents are held and in which borrowings are made are set out in Note 19 and Note 24 to the interim condensed consolidated financial statements, respectively. On June 13, 2018, the Company and Yusheng, a company principally engaged in used automobile transaction business and an independent third party, entered into a convertible note purchase agreement (the “Convertible Note Purchase Agreement”), pursuant to which Yusheng agreed to issue, and the Company agreed to purchase, the convertible note (the “Convertible Note”) in the principal amount of US$260 million (equivalent to approximately HK$2,040 million). The Convertible Note is interest free and convertible into 13 million non-voting Series Pre-A preferred shares of Yusheng with a par value of US$0.0001 per share (the “Series Pre-A Preferred Shares”) at the conversion price of US$20.00 (equivalent to approximately HK$156.93). The Series Pre-A Preferred Shares convertible under the Convertible Note represent an interest of approximately 40.63% in the share capital of Yusheng assuming full subscription of the Series A-1 and Series A-2 preferred shares of Yusheng by the investors under the securities subscription agreement separately entered into by them with Yusheng and that all the equity securities which Yusheng intends to reserve for issuance pursuant to its future employee equity incentive plan have been issued. The Convertible Note will mature on June 12, 2038 (the “Maturity Date”) or such later date as otherwise agreed by the Company and Yusheng. Unless converted into Series Pre-A Preferred Shares prior to the Maturity Date, the outstanding principal of the Convertible Note will be due and payable upon demand by the Company on the Maturity Date or any time thereafter. As consideration for the subscription of the Convertible Note, the Company agreed to (i) pay a cash consideration of US$21 million (equivalent to approximately HK$165 million), and (ii) provide certain cooperation services to Yusheng and/or its affiliates pursuant to the terms of the business cooperation agreement dated June 13, 2018 entered into between the Company and Yusheng. For further details, please refer to the announcement of the Company dated June 13, 2018. In November 2019 and December 2020, the Company subscribed for additional convertible note issued by Yusheng with a cash consideration of US$43 million (equivalent to approximately HK$335 million) and a cash consideration of US$12 million (equivalent to approximately HK$95 million), respectively, to further strength our cooperation relationship with Yusheng in used automobile business. Yusheng achieved significant growth with increasing volume and revenue for the Reporting Period and made important contribution to our financed used automobile transactions. As at June 30, 2021, the fair value of our investment in Yusheng was RMB2,108,602,000 (December 31, 2020: RMB2,129,753,000) which constituted 8.2% of the total assets of the Group (December 31, 2020: 7.7%). The Company did not recognize any realized or unrealized gain or loss from the investment nor did the Company receive any dividend for the six months ended June 30, 2021 and June 30, 2020. Save as disclosed above, we did not hold any significant investments in the equity interests of any other companies for the Reporting Period. Save as discussed in this interim report, we did not have other plans for material investments and capital assets. Our success depends on our ability to attract, retain and motivate qualified personnel. As part of our retention strategy, we offer employees with competitive salaries, performance-based cash bonuses and other incentives. We primarily recruit our employees through recruitment agencies, on-campus job fairs, industry referrals, and online channels. As at June 30, 2021, we had 4,432 full-time employees (December 31, 2020: 3,554). In line with the performance of the Group and individual employees, a competitive remuneration package is offered to retain employees, including salaries, discretionary bonuses and contributions to benefit plans (including pensions). Employees of the Group are eligible participants of the Pre-IPO Share Option Scheme, the First Share Award Scheme and the Second Share Award Scheme, the details of which are set out in the Prospectus and Note 21 to the interim condensed consolidated financial statements. In addition to on-the-job training, we have adopted a training policy, pursuant to which various internal and external training are provided to our employees. The total remuneration cost (including share-based compensation) incurred by the Group for the Reporting Period was RMB387 million, compared to RMB356 million for the same period last year. Save as disclosed in this interim report, the Group did not have any other material acquisitions and disposals of subsidiaries or associated companies for the Reporting Period. Certain deposits placed with banks were used as pledged assets for the Group’s bank borrowings and bank notes as well as loan facilitation services. Certain finance receivables were used as pledge for the borrowings and securitization transactions. For more details, please refer to the Notes 19 and 24 to the interim condensed consolidated financial statements. As at June 30, 2021, we did not have any material contingent liabilities (December 31, 2020: nil). 