Oriental Landmark were delivered to buyers in the Previous Financial Year. The Company’s operating loss and the decrease in turnover were also due to the temporary suspension of its iron ore mining and processing operations during the Year. Only limited trade in the commodity was conducted. The Group temporarily suspended its iron ore mining and processing operations in an attempt to minimize the operating loss in view of the record lows in iron ore prices that would have made the business segment unprofitable. Nevertheless, the operating loss was partly offset by a gain of approximately HK$606 million from the disposal of its remaining equity interests in ACC, a company listed on the Shanghai Stock Exchange (stock code: 600318) and which is a cement and clinker manufacturer located in Anhui province, the People’s Republic of China (the “PRC”). Basic loss per share was 2.74 HK cents compared with the basic loss per share of 11.29 HK cents for the Previous Financial Year. The Board does not recommend payment of a final dividend for the Year (Previous Financial Year: Nil). For the Year, the Group recorded a net loss of approximately HK$307 million compared with the net loss of approximately HK$758 million for the Previous Financial Year. The loss was mainly attributable to a loss of approximately HK$662 million arising from the impairment of assets, including the Company’s wholly-owned mine in Malaysia and 85%-held mine in Brazil, in a re-measurement after the persistent decline in iron ore price, oversupply of the commodity and estimated industry trend have been factored in. The Group has carried out a review of the recoverable amounts of the mining operations in Malaysia and Brazil, and considered the value-in-use of the cash generating units (“CGUs”) in accordance with the Hong Kong Accounting Standard 36, “Impairment of Assets”. The loss is only provision for impairment of assets and does not affect the Group’s cash flow. Turnover decreased by 44% to approximately HK$2,009 million, mainly because most of the residential units of Annual Report 2016 China’s apparent crude steel consumption decreased by 5.4% to 700 million tonnes in 2015 as the country’s economy slowed down amid its ongoing restructuring. The country is shifting the focus of growth from investment and industries (which consume an immense amount of steel) to consumption and services. Notably, investment in infrastructure and property development decelerated, thus sapping the demand for steel. The decrease in the country’s crude steel consumption outpaced the shrinkage of its output of the commodity. China’s annual crude steel output fell by 2.3% to about 804 million tonnes, marking the first decline in the past 34 years. This followed the deceleration of growth to 0.9% in 2014 from 7.5% in 2013. The persistent problem of the domestic steel industry’s overcapacity squeezed the profit margin or even led to losses. To find a way out of the situation, the Chinese government has had some steel production capacity closed down, especially that of substandard plants. Steel mills that stayed in business stepped up exports to mitigate the glut on the domestic market, selling 112.4 million tonnes of steel to foreign countries in 2015, or 19.9% more than in 2014. This is despite a plunge in the steel price that resulted in a 11.3% decrease in the value of the country’s steel exports to about US$62.8 billion. (Source: General Administration of Customs of the People’s Republic of China (“China Customs”)). As the largest steel-producing and consuming country in the world, China saw its dampened appetite for the alloy contributes significantly to a 26.9% fall in the Global Composite Carbon Steel Price from US$620 per tonne in January 2015 to US$453 per tonne in December of the year (Source: worldsteelprices.com). CRU International Composite Steel Price Index dropped by 32.4% to 104.5 points in December 2015 from a year earlier. China Steel Price Index (“CSPI”) decreased by 32.2% to 56.4 points in ” — China Iron and Steel Association (“CISA”), dated 20 January 2016). The world’s crude steel production decreased by 2.8% to about 1.62 billion tonnes in 2015. China accounted for about 49.5% of the world’s crude steel output and about 72.2% of Asia’s about 1.11 billion tonnes. (Source: World Steel Association). (in million tonnes) Global Steel Production: China vs Rest of the World 2010–2015 Excess seaborne iron ore supply on the global market is estimated at 59.5 million tonnes in 2015, much higher than the 5.7 million tonnes in 2014 (Source: Morgan Stanley’s research report “Global Basic Materials”, dated 3 February 2016). The price of benchmark 62% grade iron ore slumped by about 41.2% to US$39.6 per dry metric tonne in December 2015 from US$67.4 per dry metric tonne in January of the year, continuing the downtrend in 2014 (Source: indexmundi). The price of the commodity rebounded in the first quarter of 2016, to US$55.5 per dry metric tonne in March 2016 due to Chinese steel mills’ seasonal replenishment of iron ore stock in spring and expectation of slower growth or even a decrease in output from the world’s major iron ore mining firms in 2016. To cope with the difficult market plagued by a price slump and oversupply, China decreased its annual iron ore production capacity to 184 million tonnes in 2015 from 335 million tonnes in 2013 (Source: Economic Daily News, dated 3 March 2016) while the world’s major iron ore producers tried to consolidate their operations. Vale SA, the world’s largest iron ore producer, signed an accord in March 2016 to acquire an equity interest of up to 15% in the world’s fourth largest iron ore mining firm, Fortescue Metals Group (“FMG”), to coordinate their joint effort to consolidate the market. The deal between Vale SA and FMG came after all the four major iron ore producers in the world saw their financial results worsen in their respective latest financial years, reporting either losses or significant declines in profits. Vale SA also estimated that the world’s annual iron ore production capacity would be reduced by 70 million tonnes in 2016 (Source: Economic Daily News, dated 3 March 2016). The effect of China’s economic slowdown spilled over into the country’s imports of iron ores and concentrates, which merely edged up 2% to 952.7 million tonnes in 2015, decelerating drastically from the 13.8% growth in 2014. The value of the imports fell 38.3% to about US$57.62 billion in 2015 because of the drastic decline in the commodity’s price (Source: China Customs). The country prefers lower-cost, high-quality iron ore imports to the domestically produced, high-cost and lower-iron content ores, and now buys about two-thirds of the world’s seaborne iron ore. Changes in China’s demand has a significant impact on the commodity’s price worldwide. On the supply side, the world’s major iron ore companies have been increasing their production capacity and output rapidly to capitalize on China’s industrialization and urbanization. According to the United States Geological Survey (“USGS”), a scientific agency of the United States government, the world’s iron ore mine production surged by about 213.2% from 1.1 billion metric tonnes in 2000 to an estimated 3.3 billion metric tonnes in 2015. However, China’s economy shifted to a lower gear in the past several years following fast expansion for more than three decades. As a result, the country’s demand for iron ore decelerated accordingly and fell short of the suppliers’ previous expectations. Shrinkage of China’s demand for steel, coupled with the greatly ramped up capacity and output of the world’s iron ore production, led to a glut in the iron ore market and thus a substantial decline in the commodity’s prices. (in million tonnes) From 2006 to 2015 Annual Report 2016 Although China has been trying to diversify the sources of procurement beyond Australia and Brazil, the two iron ore exporting countries continued to dominate China’s market for imports of the commodity because of more efficient operation, cost advantage and abundant supply of quality ore. In 2015, China imported about 566.8 million tonnes of iron ore from Australia and about 177.9 million tonnes from Brazil (Source: “2016 1 ” by CISA). The two countries together accounted for about 78.2% of China’s iron ore imports by volume. The Company sources iron ore mainly from South Africa, and also produces the commodity through its wholly- owned mine and ore processing plant in Sri Jaya, State of Pahang, Malaysia (respectively referred to as “Sri Jaya Mine” and “Sri Jaya Plant”) and its 85%-held mine in Ceará, Brazil (“Brazil Mine”), and then ships it mainly to the large steel mills in China. During the Year, the Group temporarily suspended its iron ore mining and processing operations in an attempt to minimize the operating loss because the drastic decline in the commodity’s price amid a market glut would have made the business segment unprofitable. However, the Group will resume such business once the commodity’s price stabilizes at a level that allows it to be profitable. Its iron ore trade was also restricted to a small volume and recorded a slight decline. The Sri Jaya Mine is a resource-rich mine in Malaysia and has a total mining area of approximately 420 acres. As at 31 March 2016, it had a total probable reserve of 94.5 mega tonnes (“Mt”) at an average grade of 41.7% iron, which exceeds the 30% crude iron ore average grade in China. The Sri Jaya Mine is an open pit mine which has a mine life of approximately 14 years. The Group produces the processed iron ore products through the Sri Jaya Plant, which is adjacent to the Sri Jaya Mine. The products are processed through a relatively low-cost process, including ball-milling, magnetic separation and dewatering. The Sri Jaya Plant is designed to have a throughput capacity of 6 Mt per annum and to produce 3 Mt of saleable product per annum. During the Year, the iron ore mining and processing operations were temporarily suspended in view of the adverse market. The Group holds an exploration right over a mining site of approximately 600 square kilometers (“sq. km.”) and mining concessions over 3 sq.km. of the Brazil Mine through its 85%-held company, United Goalink Limited (“UGL”). The Group produces the processed iron ore products through the processing plant which is adjacent to the mining concessions and where installation of equipment was completed in 2013. The products are processed through a relatively low-cost process, magnetic separation. The processing plant is designed to have a throughput capacity of one million tonnes per annum and to produce approximately 600,000 tonnes of saleable product per annum. During the Year, UGL temporarily suspended its operations to minimize operating loss under the unfavourable market conditions. In addition, the Group owns an iron ore processing plant in Malaysia which is leased back to one of the Group’s long- term iron ore suppliers on an exclusive basis for a fee of HK$19.5 million per annum. During the Year, the Company’s indirect wholly-owned subsidiary, Prosperity Materials Macao Commercial Offshore Limited (“MCO”), sold approximately 845,000 tonnes of 62% grade iron ore to Nanjing Iron and Steel Group Co., Ltd. (“Nanjing IS”), a mainland Chinese steel producer, pursuant to an iron ore off-take agreement reached on 12 January 2015 to supply 3.3 million tonnes of the commodity to the latter from 12 January 2015 to 11 December 2017. On 21 March 2016, MCO entered into an agreement to sell approximately 170,000 wet metric tonnes of iron ore to a connected party, Zhong Cheng Building Materials International Limited (“Zhong Cheng”), at an aggregate consideration of approximately US$8.9 million (equivalent to approximately HK$69.6 million). Further details of the transaction can be found in the Company’s announcement dated 21 March 2016. Overall, the Group shipped approximately 2.1 million tonnes of iron ore during the Year, compared with approximately 2.3 million tonnes in the Previous Financial Year. The supply side of China’s property market cooled down to let the growing demand absorb the surplus. Investment in the country’s real estate development decelerated sharply to a 1% growth in 2015 from a 10.5% increase in 2014 (Source: National Bureau of Statistics). In 2015, the property sales rebounded significantly with a 6.5% growth in GFA to about 1.3 billion sq.m. (2014: a decline of 7.6%) and a 14.4% growth in value to about RMB8.74 trillion (2014: a decrease of 6.3%) on the back of the Chinese government’s policies to stimulate the demand for properties. During the Year, the Group’s business of real estate investment and development strengthened its existing operations and started new projects in the promising markets of economically vibrant cities in China and the capital of Indonesia. In Binhai county of Yancheng, Jiangsu province, the Group is now developing residential and commercial properties on a piece of land of 159,698 sq.m. over which it has the land use rights. The property project is called One City and is situated in the former Laoxijie, which has a long history as a busy thoroughfare and is now the core of Binhai county’s CBD. The street is prized for its traditional role in the local economy and prime location, and has been marked out as the first area for the county’s urban renewal. One City will be positioned as an urban complex that blends the classical architectural features of the local tradition with modern facilities for culture, tourism, commerce and housing. The property project is accessible by a convenient transportation network that includes two nearby airports, namely Lianyungang Baitabi Airport and Yancheng Airport, the national highway G204 and three expressways, namely Beijing-Shanghai Expressway, Nanjing-Lianyungang Expressway and Nanjing-Jinjiang-Yancheng Expressway. One City has a combined GFA of approximately 441,000 sq.m. and will be developed in three phases. Construction work of the first phase commenced in the third quarter of 2015. Group had put up 2 more blocks of apartment buildings for presale on 30 June 2016 and it plans to commence presale of the last block of apartment buildings and 40 townhouses under the first phase in the second half of 2016. Through its indirect wholly-owned subsidiary, Bliss Hero Investment Limited, the Company has two major property investments in Guangzhou’s downtown area, including approximately 11,472 sq.m. of office and commercial space in a commercial building, Silver Bay Plaza, and a 55% interest in a commercial and residential property project called Oriental Landmark. As at 31 March 2016, Silver Bay Plaza had an occupancy rate of 91% (2015: 92%). The commercial building contributed approximately HK$13 million to the rental income during the Year, compared with the approximately HK$13 million in the Previous Financial Year. Oriental Landmark is just a few minutes’ walk from Beijing Road, a popular pedestrianized shopping street in the centre of the city. The property development project comprises a four-floor shopping arcade with four basement floors (one of which is part of the shopping arcade and the other three form a car park), four residential buildings, of which three are 35-floor high and one is 29-floor high, and a 26-floor commercial building. The aggregate GFA of the entire project is approximately 169,200 sq.m.. The first phase of the project includes residential properties of 11 blocks of apartment buildings and 40 townhouses as well as a shopping street. Presale of the first batch of shop spaces in two-storey and three-storey buildings on both sides of the shopping street in the first phase was conducted in September 2015. Presale of 5 blocks of apartment buildings was made in December 2015 and February 2016. Presale of both shops and residential properties met with enthusiastic market response. As of 31 March 2016, the Group had entered into agreements with buyers over the sales of 128 shops and 287 units of residential proprieties with total saleable area of 41,331 sq.m.. The aggregate contracted sales amounted to approximately RMB333 million (equivalent to approximately HK$397 million), of which approximately RMB283 million (equivalent to approximately HK$337 million) was received by way of cash. The shops and the residential units will be delivered to the buyers in the fourth quarter of 2016 and the fourth quarter of 2017 respectively. Of the remaining 6 blocks of apartment buildings in the first phase, 3 blocks had been put up for presale in late May 2016. Likewise, there was an overwhelming response from the market. From April to mid June 2016, an additional sale of 402 units of residential properties with total sales area of 46,724 sq.m. was conducted with aggregate contracted sales amounting to approximately RMB227 million (equivalent to approximately HK$270 million). The On 5 May 2015, the Company’s indirect wholly owned subsidiary, Prosperity Real Estate Holdings Limited (“PREHL”), signed an agreement to form a joint venture with Dongguan City Danxin Property Company Limited* for a redevelopment project in Fenggang town in Dongguan city, Guangdong province. For further details, please refer to the announcement of the Company dated 5 May 2015. The Group develops an integrated project of commercial and residential properties and recreational facilities in Zhangzhou city, Fujian province (“Zhangzhou Property Project”) through a 50:50 joint venture. The project offers high-end accommodation and hot spring resort facilities. The principal asset of the joint venture company, (Changtai Jinhongbang Real Estate Development Co., Ltd.*) (“Changtai”) is the Zhangzhou Property Project. On 30 September 2015, the Group entered into an equity transfer agreement and a supplemental agreement with (Xiamen Dangdai Investment Group Company Limited*) (the “Purchaser”) to sell its interests in Changtai, through disposal of the 100% equity interests in the immediate holding company, Escrow Limited (“Escrow”) (the “Sale Shares”) and the loans provided by the Group to Changtai (“the Shareholder’s Loan”). The payment obligation of the Purchaser under the The residential units of Oriental Landmark were completed by the end of 2013, and the majority of them had been delivered to the buyers by 31 March 2016. About 78% of the car parking spaces on one of the levels of the car park were sold while those on the other two levels are for leasing. The Group owns the land use rights over a piece of land with a site area of 100,483 sq.m. in Xishan Island, Wuzhong District, Suzhou city, China through a 55%-owned company called Suzhou Jiaxin. The island is located at the heart of the scenic Taihu Lake, and the plot of land, which is to be developed by Suzhou Jiaxin, is adjacent to the Xishan Mountain Scenic Area, an ecological park, a farming zone and a zone for folk customs tour on the Xishan Island. The Group is developing a deluxe property project called Fu Yuan, which comprises 51 villas, a deluxe hotel and gardens in an ancient, classical architectural style peculiar to Suzhou, with a total GFA of 46,170 sq.m.. The 51 villas, the GFA of which range between approximately 430 sq.m. and approximately 740 sq.m. each, are built in two phases, with 28 in the first and 23 in the second. The villas in the first phase have been put up for presale, and are expected to be delivered in the last quarter of 2016. The second phase of the project is under construction. In September 2015, the Company, through an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary, signed an agreement to acquire a 100% equity interests in Verton Ventures Limited which holds a 75% equity interests in an Indonesian incorporated company for a total consideration of approximately US$7.8 million (equivalent to approximately HK$61 million). The Indonesian company owns a piece of land in the heart of the CBD of West Jakarta, Indonesia, with a site area of 4,403 sq.m. and an aggregate GFA of approximately 22,000 sq.m.. The land parcel is connected to the two toll gates of Jakarta Outer Ring Road, and the Group plans to develop a condominium for residential and commercial uses on the site. The acquisition of the Indonesian company was completed in October 2015. The improvement of Jakarta’s infrastructure, coupled with the Indonesian government’s policy to allow foreigners to own a luxury condominium priced at a minimum of IDR (Indonesian Rupiah) 10 billion, is expected to attract more home buyers to the capital and thus to boost the value of the properties in and around the capital city. Clinker and Cement Trading Business Drastic deceleration of the investment in China’s real estate and infrastructure development affected the clinker and cement industry. The country’s cement output decreased by 5.3% to 2.4 billion tonnes in 2015 (Source: National Bureau of Statistics). China’s cement price index (“CEMPI”) slid from 99.6 points at the beginning of 2015 to 79.3 points at the end of the year (Source: ccement.com). The Group sourced cost-competitive cement and clinker, predominantly from the Far East and South East Asia, and then mainly supplies the materials to customers in North America and Asia Pacific Region during the Year. It has been the Group’s strategy to satisfy its customers’ demand for cost-competitive materials by sourcing from countries where suppliers are pricing them aggressively because of the oversupply in their domestic markets. We seized such opportunities by matching our customers’ preferences to our suppliers’ need to export. We also kept assessing the regional supply and demand situation in order to spot any trading opportunities and to strike a balance between our long-term and short-term trading strategies. equity transfer agreement was secured by 30% equity (Xiamen Xindonglian Property Development Company Limited*) (the “XDL Equity Pledge”) and personal guarantee from Mr. Wang Chunfang, the legal representative of the Purchaser, for an aggregate cash consideration of up to approximately RMB375.5 million (equivalent to approximately HK$458.1 million), including the principal amount of approximately RMB330.5 million (equivalent to approximately HK$403.3 million) (the “Principal Amount”), and interest of up to approximately RMB45 million (equivalent to approximately HK$54.8 million) accrued on the Principal Amount calculated at a rate of 8% per annum. The Purchaser will pay 30% of the consideration, being approximately RMB99.1 million (equivalent to approximately HK$121 million) with interest, by the end of the first anniversary after the date of completion of the XDL Equity Pledge or after the 26th business days upon the signing of the equity transfer agreement, whichever is earlier; and 70% of the consideration, being approximately RMB231.4 million (equivalent to approximately HK$282.3 million) with interest, by the end of the second anniversary after the date of completion of the XDL Equity Pledge or after the 26th business days upon the signing of the equity transfer agreement, whichever is earlier. In November 2015, the registration of the XDL Equity Pledge was completed and the Group no longer directs the relevant activities of Changtai through Escrow. Upon the completion of payment of Principal Amount and interest of up to approximately RMB375.5 million (equivalent to approximately HK$458.1 million) by the Purchaser, the Group will transfer the Sales Shares to the Purchaser. Full details about the arrangement can be found in the announcement of the Company dated 30 September 2015. During the Year, the Group made its first foray into the promising market of Jakarta, Indonesia to tap into the hot demand for residential properties in the CBD. The growing middle class and the rich crave for apartments that enjoy convenient access to the workplace, urban facilities and amenities in the capital city. Annual Report 2016 On 13 May 2015, the Company finished placing 714,280,000 new shares to six independent investors at a placing price of approximately HK$0.238 per placing share and raised net proceeds of approximately HK$161.5 million. The placing shares accounted for 7.7% of the Company’s enlarged share capital immediately after completion of the placing. The Company intends to use the net proceeds from the placing for general working capital of the Group and possible investments in the future when opportunities arise. The Directors are of the view that the placing provided a good opportunity to raise additional funds to strengthen the financial position and broaden the shareholder and capital base of the Group so as to facilitate its future development. On 12 June 2015, the Company finished placing 489,000,000 new shares to an independent investor, Sinobase Minerals Investment Co., Limited, at a placing price of approximately HK$0.261 per placing share and raised net proceeds of approximately HK$125 million. The placing shares accounted for 5.0% of the Company’s enlarged share capital immediately after completion of the placing. The Company intends to use the net proceeds from the placing for general working capital of the Group and possible investments in the future when opportunities arise. The Directors are of the view that the placing will provide a good opportunity to raise additional funds to strengthen the financial position and broaden the shareholder and capital base of the Group so as to facilitate its future development. For further details, please refer to the announcements of the Company dated 30 April 2015, 13 May 2015, 4 June 2015 and 12 June 2015. On 16 March 2016, the Company announced that it had entered into a subscription agreement with Cheer Hope Holdings Limited (“Cheer Hope”) which was a subscriber, and Mr. Wong Ben Koon who was the guarantor, pursuant to which the Company conditionally agreed to issue the US$20 million, 5% per annum guaranteed convertible bonds (equivalent to approximately HK$156 million) and US$20 The Group’s management guided the clinker and cement trading business through the highly competitive environment with its experience, expertise and extensive regional network. During the Year and the Previous Financial Year, the Group disposed of all of its 33.06% equity interests in ACC, a cement and clinker manufacturer from Anhui province listed on the Shanghai Stock Exchange (stock code: 600318), in three transactions and recognised a total gain of approximately HK$1,056 million. Following completion of the disposals, the Group no longer has any equity interests in ACC. Full details about the disposal can be found in the Company’s announcements dated 31 March 2015 and 23 June 2015 and its circulars dated 9 June 2015 and 27 July The Company owns the Xiang Lu Shan Granite Mining Site in Guangxi, the PRC (“Guilin Granite Mine”) through a 60% owned WM Aalbrightt Investment Holdings (Hong Kong) Limited, which has a mining permit to produce up to 40,000 cubic metres (“m³”) (equivalent to approximately 102,000 tonnes) of granite products per annum at the site. Its feldspar powder plant there has a designed annual production capacity of 100,000 tonnes. The products from the Guilin Granite Mine are dimension stone and feldspar powder. Dimension stone is a high value product for building materials, decorative tiles, sanitary ware, porcelain and tableware, while the feldspar powder can be used in the ceramics and glass industries. The granite production is clean, with a minimal waste ratio as the waste material can be used for road construction. The existing mining license covers an area of 2.0371 sq.km. and the current exploration area only covers 0.8 sq.km. of the leased area of the quarry. There is still room for further exploitation of the stone resources. The Group had assigned a local technical team to exploit the granite mine and design a processing plant to improve product quality and production volume to meet customers’ requirements. million, 5% per annum guaranteed notes (equivalent to approximately HK$156 million). Both the convertible bonds and guaranteed notes will be due in 2018. Thereafter, the Company issued the convertible bonds and guaranteed notes in several lots. The Company issued the first lot of convertible bonds and guaranteed notes on 15 April 2016, followed by four more lots in April and May 2016. On 9 May 2016, the convertible bonds and the guaranteed notes, each in the aggregate principal amount of US$20 million (equivalent to approximately HK$156 million), were fully issued to Cheer Hope pursuant to the subscription agreement. The net proceeds from the issue of the bonds and notes will be used to refinance some of the Group’s existing loans, to fund the development, improvement or expansion of the Group’s business and the balance will be used as its working capital. On 29 June 2016, the Company, Cheer Hope and Mr. Wong Ben Koon entered into the deed of amendment, to amend certain terms and conditions of the subscription agreement, the convertible bonds and guaranteed notes. Further details of the deal can be found in the Company’s announcements dated 16 March 2016, 18 March 2016, 15 April 2016, 26 April 2016, 28 April 2016, 3 May 2016, 9 May 2016 and 29 June 2016. Statement on Portfolio of Mineral Resources and Ore Reserves The Group has developed a portfolio of diverse resources comprising iron ore and granite in Malaysia, Brazil and the PRC. The Group owns the Guilin Granite Mine, which produces dimension stone and feldspar powder. The Group also owns Sri Jaya Mine and Sri Jaya Plant in Malaysia and Brazil Mine with the aim to develop a portfolio of iron ore to weather the changes in the market better with a more stable supply of quality iron ore. Details about the operation of the three mines can be found in the section of “Iron Ore Trading and Mining” and “Granite Production” under “Business Review“ of this annual report. For the purpose of this section, mineral resources are concentration or occurrence of materials of intrinsic economic interest in or on the Earth’s crust in such form, quality and quantity that there are reasonable prospects for their eventual economic extraction. The location, quantity, grade, geological characteristics and continuity of a mineral resource are known, estimated or interpreted from specific geological evidence and knowledge. Exploration that consists of drilling, trenching, pitting and other methods is the methodology to obtain these specific geological evidences. Mineral resources are sub-divided, in order of increasing geological confidence, into inferred, indicated and measured resources, as defined in the Joint Ore Reserves Committee (“JORC”) Code (elaborated below). In common practice, geological confidence is predominantly determined by the level of detail of exploration work done. Ore reserves are defined as the economically mineable part of a measured, and/or indicated resource, taking into account diluting materials and allowances for losses, which may occur when the material is mined. Ore reserves are sub- divided in order of increasing confidence into probable reserves and proved reserves. Factors such as product price, exchange rate, mining pit design, processing cost, transportation cost and other factors are thoroughly justified during the estimation of ore reserves by independent technical adviser. Although no material exploration activity was carried out during the Year, changes to resources and reserves were made due to ongoing production and revision of mining plans. The tables below reflect those changes and detail the mineral resources and ore reserves with a cut-off grade of 30% as at 31 March 2016. The report on mineral resources and ore reserves of the Sri Jaya Mine are prepared based on the technical report of Blackstone Mining Associates Limited, an independent mining and geological consulting company, as stated in the circular of the Company dated 30 August 2014 (“Sri Jaya Report”) in accordance with the “Australasian Code for Reporting Mineral Resources and Ore Reserves” (2012 edition published by the JORC) of the Australasian Institute of Mining and Metallurgy, Australian Institute of Geoscientists and the Minerals Council of Australia (the “JORC Code”); for determining mineral resources and ore reserves, while the report on mineral resources and ore reserves of the Brazil Mine are prepared based on the Group’s internal geologist report (“Brazilian Report”) in accordance with the JORC Code. The presentation of the data in round figures may result in minor computational discrepancies. Such discrepancies are deemed to be insignificant whenever this occurs. Annual Report 2016 Quantity (Mt) Fe Grade (%) * Assumed average cut-off grades for both Sri Jaya Mine and Brazil Mine are 30%. All assumptions and technical parameters for the preparation of the above figures have not been materially changed from those in the Sri Jaya Report and Brazilian Report and continued to apply to the data disclosed above. During the Year, no material exploration activity was carried out at both mines. The following tables detail the mining and production activities, and the expenditure incurred for mining and development activities of both mines. Sri Jaya Mine Brazil Mine Sri Jaya Mine Brazil Mine Mining volume (by quarter ended) 30 June 2015/2014 30 September 2015/2014 31 December 2015/2014 31 March 2016/2015 Production volume (by quarter ended) 30 June 2015/2014 30 September 2015/2014 31 December 2015/2014 31 March 2016/2015 Changes to resources and reserves of Sri Jaya Mine between 28 February 2014 (date of Sri Jaya Report) and 9 October 2014, immediately before the date of the acquisition of Sri Jaya Mining Operation, were due to the ongoing mining and production activities. (000 m3) stone (%) (000 m3) to 31 March 2015 The Brazil Mine has no obligation to pay any royalty. The Company acquired the Guilin Granite Mine through the acquisition of a 60% interest in WM Aalbrightt Investment Holdings (Hong Kong) Limited in 2007. The Company engaged Minarco-Mineconsult (“MMC”), an independent technical adviser, to prepare a technical report in 2007, when the Company acquired Guilin Granite Mine. With the given exploration results in accordance with “Chinese Standard for Reporting Mineral Resources and Ore Reserves” (published by Ministry of Land and Resources of the PRC in 1999) (the “Chinese Standards”), MMC made a feasibility assessment on the granite stone resources in comparative terms with the reporting requirements of the JORC Code and the Code and Guidelines for technical assessment and/or valuation of mineral and petroleum assets and mineral and petroleum securities for Independent Expert Reports (the “Valmin Code”) as of 14 December 2007 (“MMC Report”). In 2008 and 2009, the Company engaged Rockhound Limited, an independent technical adviser, to investigate and assess granite stone resources and the mining operation (including the mining process, operating cost and sales and marketing) of the Guilin Granite Mine in accordance with the JORC Code as of 23 November 2008 and 25 June 2009 (“Rockhound Reports”). During the Year, no dimension stone production activity was carried out. The following tables detail the mineral resources of the Guilin Granite Mine in accordance with the JORC Code and are prepared based on MMC Report and Rockhound Reports. The presentation of the data in round figures may result in minor computational discrepancies. Such discrepancies are deemed to be insignificant whenever this occurs. Annual Report 2016 The Group recorded an impairment loss of approximately HK$662 million for the Year, compared with approximately HK$1,099 million for the Previous Financial Year, the breakdown of major items included in the impairment loss is shown as follows: The Group operates the Sri Jaya Mine and Sir Jaya Plant through its wholly-owned subsidiary, Billion Win Capital Limited (“Billion Win”), in Malaysia. Due to the persistent oversupply in the iron ore market, the market consensus on forecast price (“Forecasted Price”) experienced a sharp decline by 35% as compared with the Previous Financial Year. Having regard to the persistent decline in iron ore Forecasted Price, oversupply of the commodity and estimated industry trend, the Group carried out a review of the recoverable amount of Billion Win, which considered the CGU of the Sri Jaya Iron Ore Mining Operation. As a result, an impairment loss on other intangible assets and property, plant and equipment of approximately HK$309 million in aggregate was recognised by the Group. The Group operates the Brazil Mine through UGL with 85% effective interest. Due to the oversupply in the iron ore market and the global economic downturns, persistent decline in iron ore price was experienced. Same reasons as Sri Jaya Iron Ore Mining Operation mentioned above, the Group also carried out a review of the recoverable amount of UGL, which considered the CGU of the Brazil Iron Ore Mining Operation. As a result, an impairment loss on other intangible assets and property, plant and equipment of approximately HK$120 million in aggregate was recognised by the Group. The recoverable amounts of the CGUs have been determined based on value in use, being estimated future cash flows of the mining operation of both Billion Win and UGL, discounted to their present value. All assumptions and technical parameters for the preparation of the above figures have not been materially changed from those in the MMC Report and Rockhound Reports, and continued to apply to the data disclosed above. There was no material change in the mineral resources as compared to 31 March 2015. During the Year, no material exploration, development or production activities were undertaken and no material expenditure was incurred for these activities. The following discussion and analysis of the Group’s financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and the related notes in this report. For the Year, turnover decreased to approximately HK$2,009 million, compared with approximately HK$3,579 million for the Previous Financial Year. The Group’s gross profit decreased by 80% to approximately HK$38 million from approximately HK$190 million for the Previous Financial Year. The decreases in revenue and gross profit were mainly due to the drastic decline in iron ore price while the volume of the trade in the commodity was similar to that in the Previous Financial Year. Moreover, there was a decrease in revenue from the delivery of residential units of Oriental Landmark to the buyers compared to that in the Previous Financial Year. The Group’s selling and distribution costs was approximately HK$87 million for the Year as compared to approximately HK$56 million for the Previous Financial Year. It represented about 4.3% of the revenue for the Year, compared to 1.6% for the Previous Financial Year. The administrative expenses, which mainly represented staff costs, including directors’ emoluments, legal and professional fees and other administrative expenses, decreased by HK$90 million or 23% to approximately HK$296 million. The increase in selling and distribution costs was mainly due to the launch of presale of One City in Binhai County, the revenue and profit of which would only be recognised when the properties are delivered to the buyers which is expected to be in the coming financial years. The decrease in administrative expenses was the result of the tightened cost control measurement in the Year. The derivative financial instruments mainly represented derivatives embedded in convertible loan notes. During the Year, the fair value gain on revaluation of the derivative financial instruments amounted to approximately HK$3 million (Previous Financial Year: HK$41 million). Loss attributable to the owners of the Company for the Year was approximately HK$263 million, compared to a net loss of approximately HK$839 million for the Previous Financial Year. The loss was mainly due to loss of approximately HK$429 million arising from impairment loss of the assets, including the Company’s wholly-owned mine in Malaysia and 85%-held mine in Brazil. The loss is only provision for the impairment of assets and does not affect the Group’s cash flow. The basic loss per share for the Year was 2.74 HK cents compared with the basic loss per share of 11.29 HK cents for the Previous Financial Year. Material Acquisition, Disposal and (i) Provision of financial assistance to a non- On 24 April 2015, 20 July 2015, 11 August 2015, 22 October 2015, 11 November 2015, 22 January 2016 and 3 February 2016, Guangzhou Fuchun Dongfang Real Estate Investment Company Limited (“Fuchun Dongfang”), a 55%-owned subsidiary of the Company, pledged certain units of Oriental Landmark, for the benefit of non-controlling shareholder of Fuchun Dongfang, as security for the loans taken by its associate companies. Up to 31 March 2016, the outstanding loan balance raised by this non-controlling shareholder, in aggregation, is approximately RMB628 million (equivalent to approximately HK$748 million). Full details about the arrangement can be found in relevant announcements of the Company. The key assumptions for the impairment tests of both Billion Win and UGL include the iron ore prices as well as the inflation rate over the expected life of the mines. Selling prices for iron ore and forecast inflation rates were based on external sources and adjustments were made for the expected quality of the forecast production. Management has estimated the long term forecast selling prices for iron ore with reference to the forecast price of 62% grade iron ore from 2016 to 2018 from Bloomberg, and inflation rate of 3% was applied to selling price thereafter to the end of expect life of the mines. The inflation rate, which was sourced from International Monetary Fund, represented long term inflation rate of the PRC where the ultimate customers located. There are no significant changes in the valuation method during the two years. Both valuations adopted income- based approach. The finance costs were approximately HK$212 million (of which approximately HK$11 million were capitalised) for the Year, compared to approximately HK$257 million (of which approximately HK$9 million were capitalised) for the Previous Financial Year. The decrease was mainly due to the decrease in the average amount of the outstanding bank borrowings. On 13 August 2015, the Company issued a redemption notice to ICBC International Investment Management Limited (“ICBCI”), pursuant to which the Company fully redeemed the outstanding principal amount of US$25 million on 14 August 2015. During the Year, the total effective interest expenses on convertible notes were approximately HK$26 million (Previous Financial Year: HK$69 million). The Group recorded a gain on disposal of an associate, ACC, with an amount of approximately HK$606 million for the Year. The gain was mainly from the disposal of remaining 18.06% equity stake in ACC held by the Group for a consideration of approximately RMB745.5 million (equivalent to approximately HK$932 million). Annual Report 2016 (ii) On 23 June 2015, the Group entered into equity transfer agreements with Huatai Securities (Shanghai) Asset Management Company Ltd. and Ms. Zhang Jinghong for the disposal of the 11% and 7.06% equity stake in ACC, respectively, for a consideration of approximately RMB745.5 million (equivalent to approximately HK$932 million) in aggregate. The Group recognised a gain of approximately HK$606 million as a result of the disposal. Following completion of the disposals, the Group no longer holds any equity interests in ACC. Full details about the arrangement can be found in relevant announcement of the Company dated 23 June 2015. (iii) Disposal of the entire issued share capital of On 30 September 2015, the Group entered into an equity transfer agreement and a supplemental agreement to dispose of its interest in Changtai, through disposal of the Sale Shares and the Shareholder’s Loan to the Purchaser for the consideration of approximately RMB330.5 million (equivalent to approximately HK$403.3 million). Escrow holds 50% equity interests in Changtai, whose principal asset is the Zhangzhou Property Project. The Group recognised a gain of approximately HK$190 million as a result of the disposal. Full details about the arrangement can be found in the announcement of the Company dated 30 September 2015. Liquidity, Financial Resources and The total shareholders’ fund of the Group as at 31 March 2016 was approximately HK$2,570 million (2015: HK$2,409 million). As at 31 March 2016, the Group had current assets of approximately HK$3,419 million (2015: HK$3,972 million) and current liabilities of approximately HK$3,375 million (2015: HK$3,960 million). The current ratio was 1.01 as at 31 March 2016 as compared to 1.00 as at 31 March 2015. The Group generally finances its operations with internally generated cash flows, credit facilities provided by its principal bankers in Hong Kong and the PRC and proceeds from the placing of new shares. As at 31 March 2016, the Group had outstanding debts (including bank borrowings and other borrowings) of approximately HK$2,261 million (2015: HK$2,875 million, including bank borrowings and convertible loan notes). As at 31 March 2016, the Group maintained time deposits, bank and cash balances of approximately HK$180 million (2015: HK$271 million), whilst the pledged deposits amounted to approximately HK$102 million (2015: HK$96 million). The Group’s debt-to-equity ratio (total debts to shareholders’ equity) decreased from 1.19 as at 31 March 2015 to 0.88 as at 31 March 2016. The Group possesses sufficient cash and available banking facilities to meet its commitments and working capital requirements. The trading in the clinker and cement and trading in iron ore and other raw materials are conducted predominantly in US dollars. The granite mining and production business and the property development business are conducted in Renminbi. The Group has not experienced any material difficulties with its operations or liquidity as a result of fluctuations in currency exchange rates during the Year. The Group does not currently engage in hedging activities against foreign exchange exposure, as it believes that the cost associated with such hedging arrangements would exceed the benefits. However, the management will continue to monitor the relevant circumstances and will take such a measure if it is deemed prudent. As at 31 March 2016, the Group’s banking facilities were secured by: (a) the charge over certain property, plant and equipment, investment properties, available-for-sale financial assets, inventories and certain bank deposits of the Group; (b) equity interests in certain subsidiaries of the Group; (c) corporate guarantee of the Company; (d) corporate guarantees of subsidiaries; (e) personal guarantee executed by Mr. Wong Ben Koon and directors of subsidiaries; (f) deed of subordination of term loan by a related (g) certain rights of mining, processing and selling raw iron ore owned by a subsidiary. As at 31 March 2016, the Group had the following commitments: (a) The Group had total future minimum lease payments under non-cancellable operating leases which fall due as follows: Operating lease payments represent land costs payable by the Group for the properties under development for sale of approximately HK$243 million (2015: HK$317 million) and rentals payable by the Group for the office premises and staff quarters of approximately HK$23 million (2015: HK$8 million). Leases are negotiated for a term of one to three years and rentals are fixed over the lease terms and do not include contingent rentals. Annual Report 2016 (b) The Group leases out investment properties under operating leases. The leases typically run for an initial period of 1 to 10 years (2015: 1 to 10 years), with an option to renew the lease after that date at which time all terms are renegotiated. None of the leases includes contingent rentals. At 31 March 2016, the Group’s total future minimum lease payments under non-cancellable operating leases are receivable as follows: (c) In respect of its interests in a joint venture at 31 March 2015, the joint venture is committed to incur capital expenditure of approximately HK$384 million, of which the Group’s share of this commitment is approximately HK$192 million. Human Resources and As at 31 March 2016, the Group had a total of 424 employees. The Group remunerates its employees based on their performance, experience and the prevailing industry practice. Remuneration packages are normally renewed on an annual basis, based on performance appraisals and other relevant factors. The Group may pay a discretionary bonus to its employees based on individual performance in recognition of their contribution and hard work. Staff benefit plans maintained by the Group include several mandatory provident fund schemes as well as travel, medical and life insurance. With a view to retaining certain important employees who will continue to make valuable contribution to the Group, share options to subscribe for shares of the Company in accordance with the share option scheme adopted on 25 September 2009 may be granted. The Group has not experienced any significant problems with its employees or any disruption to its operations due to labor disputes nor has it experienced any difficulties in the recruitment and retention of experienced staff. The Directors believe that the Group has a good working relation with its employees. The price of benchmark 62% grade iron ore was trending downwards from the peak of US$187.2 in February 2011 to the low of US$39.6 in December 2015 as the world’s leading iron ore producers’ rapid production capacity expansion coincided with China’s economic slowdown in the past several years. The price of the commodity rebounded in the first quarter of 2016, partly because the market expects that the problems of overcapacity and oversupply could be mitigated by the closure of some of China’s iron ore mining capacity and by the attempt at market consolidation initiated by two of the world’s four major iron ore companies. However, whether the price of the steel making ingredient could rise to a level that make the Group’s iron ore mining and trading business profitable depends on how well the supply side can restrain its output and how well China manages its economic restructuring. For the past several years, the Group pressed ahead with its strategic transformation into a principal iron ore trader by strengthening and fine-tuning its vertically integrated operations that include iron ore mining, processing and trading. Nevertheless, it suspended its iron ore mining and processing operations under the adverse market conditions during the Year. It will resume the business once the commodity’s price stabilizes at a level that allows it to be profitable. Meanwhile, the Group has been seeking actively to develop promising property markets. Notably, it has been undertaking high-end residential and commercial property projects in vibrant cities such as Yancheng and Suzhou in Jiangsu province, PRC and Jakarta, the capital city of Indonesia. It has also strengthened the existing operations in Guangzhou by revamping the shopping arcade of Oriental Landmark. Such endeavours are expected to generate considerable income either through rental or sales of properties as more of the Group’s property projects will be completed in the next several years. The Group will keep developing itself into a low-cost, high- quality iron ore mining company and tapping promising property markets in order to bring good returns to the shareholders. 