On behalf of the board of directors, I am pleased to report the following results and operations of the Group for the year ended 31 December 2018. The audited consolidated net profit attributable to shareholders after tax for the year was HK$82.3 million and the earnings per share amounted to HK10.3 cents, as compared to net profit of HK$54.8 million and the earnings per share of HK6.8 cents for the year ended 31 December 2017. The net profit attributable to shareholders after tax for 2018 represents a 50.3% increase from 2017. The directors recommend the payment of a final dividend of HK1 cent per share for the year ended 31 December 2018 (2017: HK1 cent), which is subject to the approval of the Company’s shareholders at the forthcoming annual general meeting. No interim dividend was paid during the year (2017: Nil). The consolidated net asset value of the Group as at 31 December 2018 was HK$1,631.0 million (2017: HK$1,623.5 million). The consolidated net asset value per share as at 31 December 2018 was HK$2.04 based on 799,557,415 shares in issue as compared to HK$2.03 per share based on 799,557,415 shares in issue as at 31 December 2017. In 2018, the global economy was clouded by uncertainties and major financial markets were volatile. In the international scene, trade conflicts between the two largest economies U.S. and China posted major threats to global economic recovery. Other notable negative factors included uncertainty of the negotiation and implementation of Brexit, and continuous geopolitical tension in the Middle East etc. In the US, the economy showed signs of recovery with notable improvement in economic indices due largely to substantial tax cut for US corporations and changes in the U.S. tax system. During the year, the interest rate hike and reduction of balance sheet by US Federal Reserve continued and the results had dampened the recovery of global economy. Towards the end of 2018, the effects of trade war with China eventually created negative impact to US corporate earnings and US economy. For Mainland China, the effects of escalation of trade war with the US had added pressure on its economy which was already slowed down by the financial deleveraging campaign by the central government. Economic growth slipped below expectation and the stock market was weak during the year. In Hong Kong, the local economy experienced moderate growth with stable low unemployment rate and better than expected retail sales despite uncertainties and volatility in global market and relatively weak economic performance in Mainland China. During the year, upward movement of interest rate in Hong Kong was rather moderate as compared to the US and did not appear to cause major negative impact on the overall local property market. The retail property sector was relatively weak over the year though it seemed to find its support after rental value of the prime retail areas had experienced substantial reduction in previous year. However, the expectation of slower local economy under uncertain outcomes of China-US trade conflicts began to cause downward adjustments of all sectors of property market towards the end of the year. In the UK, the uncertainty and negative impact of implementation of Brexit continued to affect the market. Yet, the fundamental and economy were relatively stable. The commercial property market in London, where the Group’s major investment properties are located, was holding up well as rental value and property price remained stable. The Group’s net profit attributable to shareholders for the year was HK$82.3 million as compared to the net profit of HK$54.8 million in 2017, representing a 50.3% increase. The increase in profit was mainly attributable to increase in gain in property revaluation as compared with previous year. As at the end of 2018, the Group’s major investment properties include: Gross rental income for the year amounted to HK$47.6 million representing an increase of about 5% when compared with last year’s rental income of HK$45.3 million. The Group’s investment properties in UK generated stable recurring rental income and achieved 100% occupancy rate at end of 2018. Revaluation of the Group’s portfolio of properties resulted in a surplus of HK$51.4 million (2017: HK$15.9 million). The revaluation surplus was reported in the statement of profit or loss. During the year, the Group allocated additional resources for its treasury management business to enhance return of its financial assets. In 2018, HK$3.1 million of revenue (2017: HK$0.6 million (as restated)) was generated under the new business segment. The increase in revenue was primarily due to upward movement of interest rate during 2018. As at 31 December 2018, the Group’s cash and cash equivalents was HK$415.5 million (2017: HK$407.1 million) and the Group did not have any bank borrowings. The gearing ratio of the Group was zero (2017: zero). The gearing ratio, if any, is calculated as the ratio of net bank borrowings to shareholders’ funds. With cash and recurring rental income, the Group has sufficient resources to meet the foreseeable funding needs for working capital and capital expenditure. The Group’s main source of rental income is denominated in British Pound Sterling which is subject to foreign exchange rate fluctuation. For the coming year, the Group expects the global economy to be weak and will continue to be affected by negative factors such as trade conflicts between China and the US, uncertain results and impact of implementation of Brexit. In addition, the unstable global geopolitical environment still posts threats to global market confidence and economic recovery. However, it is anticipated the pace of interest rate hikes by US Federal Reserve may slow down in response to the sluggish economic recovery. In Hong Kong, the local economy is largely affected by economic development in Mainland China which is currently impacted by the China and US trade war. It is anticipated that the economic growth and the property market in Hong Kong will be challenging in 2019. In UK, the economy will inevitably be affected by the uncertainty surrounding the implementation of Brexit. It is expected that the economy and property market in London will be relatively more resilient than other regions of UK as London is still the most developed and important business hub of Europe for global investors and corporations. To deal with the anticipated market uncertainty and challenging economic climate, the Group will continue to be cautious and proactive in managing its core investments and selection for future investment opportunities in order to produce sustainable and stable returns for our shareholders. As at 31 December 2018, the Group employed 5 staff members. Staff remuneration is reviewed by the Group from time to time. In addition to salaries, the Group provides staff benefits including medical insurance, pension scheme and discretionary vocational tuition/training subsidies. Share options and bonuses are also available to employees of the Group at the discretion of the directors depending upon the financial performance of the Group. I would like to take this opportunity to thank our shareholders and business partners for their continuing support, and the Group’s dedicated management and staff for their valuable contributions during the past year. Hong Kong, 22 March 2019 