The Group adhered to the development strategy of “one orientation, two key drivers, three breakthroughs and four initiatives”, and centered on SMT equipment manufacturing and related business, while engaging in securities investment business. In 2018, the Group faced various challenges. The economy of China and even the world was hit by the continuously-volatile international market to varying degrees, in particular the import & export trade. Chinese electronic equipment industry relying on import and export was adversely affected, resulting in somewhat slowdown of growth of the industry as a whole. Businesses of the Group were also indirectly affected, and the securities investment business of the Group suffered from book losses, which led to an unsatisfactory earning performance in overall. The Group recorded consolidated net loss of approximate HK$134,457,000 for the year ended 31 December 2018. Given our experience and advantages gained in the SMT equipment manufacturing market over years, and our constant investment in technology research and development in the sector, the management believed that we will be able to duly take advantage of opportunities of the gradual economic recovery and exuberance of industry development to gain a steady rise in our earning performance in future. During the year, the Group focused on SMT equipment manufacturing and related business. As the Group has terminated the low-end businesses such as agent product sales since 2018 to centralise resources and go all out to develop and sale the self-manufactured products, it recorded a sales revenue of approximately HK$181,497,000 from its own-brand SMT equipment manufacturing and related business for the year ended 31 December 2018, representing a significant growth of 34% compared to approximately HK$135,749,000 of the same period last year. During the year, the SMT equipment manufacturing and related business segment saw an increase in its overall gross profit margin from 14% to 30% comparing to the same period last year. In respect of internal operation management, the Group implemented the credit sale policy and continuously collected the overdue accounts receivable and have achieved remarkable results. As of 31 December 2018, the net amount of trade receivables and other receivables of the Group reduced from approximately HK$74,026,000 for the same period last year to approximately HK$41,580,000, representing a decrease of 44%. Compared with the data as of 31 December 2016, there was a dramatic decrease of 88%. In addition, by implementing strict cost control, administrative costs of the Group were lower than those for the same period last year. During the year, the Group’s administrative costs decreased by 14% to approximately HK$66,701,000 from approximately HK$77,516,000 in the same period last year. During the year, the Group continued focusing on independent R&D of SMT equipment. The Group mostly adopted humanised design in products while considering characteristics of low-cost operation, energy efficiency, and environmental friendliness. The new self-manufactured SMT equipment received wide recognition and various awards from the market and industry. Our SMT equipment has been granted the Gold Award under the “Red Sail Award” for three consecutive years since 2016. During the year, the Group developed new SMT equipment including UXT high-end reflow soldering machine, nitrogen reflow soldering machine, high-end lead-free wave soldering machine and external selective fluxer, etc. These new products were significantly improved in their functionality, performance, stability and reliability, safety, maintainability and easiness to operate, and they can be embedded with BIMS intelligent manufacturing system, which is the flagship product of the Group, effectively serving the customers’ new production modes of JIT (Just in Time) and BTO (Build to Order) and strengthening real-time monitoring in such respects as data traceability, smart fault prevention and maintenance, and remote management. As of 31 December 2018, the Group owned 60 design patents in aggregate, 16 of which were granted in 2018. In respect of market promotion, the Group actively implemented the “Go Out” strategy and participated in many large-scale industry exhibitions with great influence at home and abroad during the year, including 2018 PIC APEX EXPO in the USA, Productronia China and NEPCON China 2018 in Shanghai, China International Mobile Manufacturing Automation Technology Exhibition and South China International Industrial Automation Exhibition in Guangdong, and Shenzhen International Intelligent Equipment Industry Exposition and NEPCON in Shenzhen. Thanks to the great influence of the exhibitions across the industry, and the detailed explanation and presentation by our senior engineers on site, our self-manufactured products such as wave soldering machine, vertical reflow oven and BIMS intelligent manufacturing system were effectively promoted, and our middle to high-end brand image was further consolidated, while market popularity of the Group at home and abroad being enhanced. Review of 2018, the overall growth of China’s electronic industry was lowered as a result of the sluggish macro-economy and the ongoing industrial consolidation in China, however, in the long terms, China will gradually become one of global leaders in 5G technology, standards, industries and applications with the initiation and acceleration of 5G network development; and in the meanwhile, intelligent automobile electronics has become the focus and strategic growth point for the development of global automobile sector, which will increase the demand for special equipment for electronic assembly. Based on those, demands for the upstream electronic equipment will be driven. The management believes that the Group will be able to seize the industry development opportunity on the basis of its independent development advantage in the SMT equipment manufacturing sector and its considerable experience and resources gained in the industry over years. Besides, the Group will also actively explore the development opportunities of high-end manufacturing beyond SMT equipment manufacturing in order to gradually achieve its goal of being the smart equipment industry leader in China. The Group issued announcements and a circular concerning the major transaction in relation to the deemed disposal of shareholding interests in a subsidiary on 2 May 2018, 11 June 2018 and 16 July 2018, respectively. In accordance with the relevant announcements and circular, upon the completion of the capital increase transaction, Unis Si-Cloud, which is mainly engaged in finance lease and factoring business, will cease to be a subsidiary and become an associate company of the Company. Unis Si- Cloud will cease to be consolidated into the consolidated financial statements of the Company. The above-mentioned capital increase transaction and the transactions as contemplated under the capital increase agreement were approved at the special general meeting held on 7 August 2018, and the delivery was completed on 31 August 2018. The Group implements a low-frequency trading strategy and mainly invests in the high-tech companies listed on the Stock Exchange, with a particular focus on the outstanding enterprises in such industries as telecommunication equipment, semiconductor, Internet, computer and software. However, a segment loss of approximately HK$112,682,000 was recorded for the year ended 31 December 2018 due to the impact from worldwide economic downturn. The management believed the segment loss in 2018 are in short-term nature and would not cause adverse influence on the long-term development of overall business and operations of the Group. In addition, the Group has established a strict reporting mechanism to ensure that the management can monitor all the investments in real time, so as to protect the safety of investment. 31 December 2018 (stock code: 981.hk) (stock code: 2239.hk) (stock code: 628.hk) (stock code: 1296.hk) (stock code: 3396.hk) During the year, the Group sold an aggregate of 1,600,000 shares of SMIT. The Group’s investments in listed shares were recorded as financial assets at fair value through profit or loss on the consolidated balance sheet, which amounted to approximately HK$137,339,000 as at 31 December 2018: at fair value through profit 31 December 2018 financial assets at fair value through In 2018, the Group recorded a total income of approximately HK$71,453,000. An analysis of the income by business segment is as follows: 31 December 2018 31 December 2017 (Audited) (Audited) During the year, the Group recorded other income of approximately HK$3,868,000, including revenue from scraps of approximately HK$2,525,000, and cash dividends of approximately HK$1,343,000. During the year, the Group recorded distribution costs of approximately HK$37,380,000, representing an increase of approximately 7% compared to that of the last year. During the year, the administrative costs amounted to approximately HK$66,701,000, including labour costs of approximately HK$25,689,000 and rental of approximately HK$11,745,000. During the year, the net finance costs amounted to approximately HK$12,450,000, representing an increase of approximately HK$3,797,000 compared to that of last year, mainly attributable to the amortisation of interest expense on bonds, and the interests expense on borrowings. As a result of the foregoing, the loss attributable to the equity holders of the Company for the year was approximately HK$122,919,000. The following table illustrates the Group’s (loss)/profit before interest, tax, depreciation and amortisation for the respective year. The Group’s profit before interest, tax, depreciation and amortisation ratio was approximately -171% for the year. 31 December 2018 31 December 2017 The Group has maintained sufficient operating capital. As at 31 December 2018, the net current assets of the Group amounted to approximately HK$60,528,000, and the liquidity ratio of the Group was maintained at 1.29, which was sufficient to support the ordinary operation of the Group. With reference to total borrowings over equity attributable to the equity holders of the Company as at 31 December 2018, the gearing ratio of the Group was 20.87%. As of 31 December 2018, bank borrowings balance of the Group was approximately HK$68,478,000. As at 31 December 2018, the Group held cash and cash equivalents of approximately HK$43,305,000, representing a decrease of approximately HK$190,698,000 compared with HK$234,003,000 as at the beginning of the year, which was mainly due to ceasing to consolidate Unis Si-Cloud into the Company’s consolidated financial statements following the deemed disposal of 51% shareholding interest of it. The Group’s average inventory turnover days were approximately 106 days (31 December 2017: 113 days), the average debtors turnover days were approximately 70 days (31 December 2017: 120 days), and the average creditors turnover days were approximately 114 days (31 December 2017: 112 days). During the year, total capital expenditure was approximately HK$9,435,000, in which approximately HK$888,000 was on the purchase of machinery and equipment, approximately HK$8,118,000 on the renovation and decoration of office, and approximately HK$429,000 on the purchase of financial software. As at 31 December 2018, the Group’s banking facilities including its import/export loan, letter of credit, documentary credits, trust receipt and bank borrowings were secured by: (i) a first legal charge on certain of the Group’s land and properties, which had an aggregate net (ii) guarantee and pledged receivables provided by the Company and its subsidiaries. As at 31 December 2018, the Group’s net assets amounted to approximately HK$328,124,000. The decrease in net assets during the year as compared with the net assets of approximately HK$462,581,000 as at 31 December 2017 was mainly attributed to loss for the year. The Group is exposed to operational risk in relation to each business segment of the Group. To manage operational risk, the management of each business segment is responsible for monitoring the operation and assessing operational risk of their respective business segments. They are responsible for implementing the Group’s risk management policies and procedures and shall report any irregularities in connection with the operation of the projects to the Directors and seek directions. The Group emphasises on ethical value and prevention of fraud and bribery, and has established a whistleblower program, including communication with other departments and business segments and units, to report any irregularities. In this regard, the Directors consider that the Group’s operational risk is effectively mitigated. The Group is exposed to credit risk, liquidity risk, foreign exchange risk, and price risk, etc. In order to minimise credit risk, the Directors closely monitor the overall level of credit exposure and the management is responsible for the determination of credit approvals and monitoring the implementation of the collection procedure to ensure that follow-up actions are taken to recover overdue debts. In addition, the Group reviews the recoverable amount of each individual trade debt at the end of the reporting period to ensure that adequate impairment losses have been made for irrecoverable amounts. In this regard, the Directors consider that the Group’s credit risk has been significantly reduced. The Directors have built an appropriate liquidity risk management framework to meet the Group’s short, medium and long-term funding and liquidity management requirements. In the management of liquidity risk, the Group monitors and maintains a level of cash and cash equivalents deemed adequate by the management to finance the Group’s operations and mitigates the effects of fluctuations in cash flows. In this regard, the Directors consider that the Group’s liquidity risk has been effectively managed. The Group is exposed to foreign exchange risk arising from various currency risks as its certain business transactions, assets and liabilities are denominated in Renminbi, Hong Kong dollar, and US dollar. During the year, the Group did not utilise any financial instruments for hedging purposes, and the Group will continue to closely monitor the risk of fluctuations of foreign exchange associated to the currencies, and will take appropriate hedging measures when necessary. Since the business of the Group’s securities investment segment is derived from the investment in stocks listed on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange, the price fluctuations of the shares held by the Group will affect the Group’s after-tax profits. In order to manage the risk of fluctuations of securities price, the Group will diversify its investment portfolio according to the historical fluctuations of the stocks held and the risk control policies of the Company to avoid or reduce the risks arising from stock price fluctuations. As at 31 December 2018, the Group employed approximately 341 full-time employees and workers in Mainland China, and employed approximately 24 employees in Hong Kong. The Group continues to maintain and enhance the capability of its employees by providing sufficient regular training to them. The Group remunerates its employees based on the industry’s practice. In Mainland China, the Group provides employee benefits and bonuses to its employees in accordance with the prevailing labour law. In Hong Kong, the Group provides staff benefits including retirement scheme and performance related bonuses. 