Panda Green Energy Group Limited | Annual Report 2018 19 The Group is a leading global eco-development solutions provider. During the year ended 31 December 2018 (the “Year”), the Group is principally engaged in the development, investment, operation and management of solar power plants and other renewable energy projects. During the Year, the Group focused its resources on managing its existing solar power business and has added solar power plants with a total installed capacity of 242.3 megawatts (“MW”). As at 31 December 2018, the Group and its associates/ joint venture had 74 (31 December 2017: 65) solar power plants with aggregate installed capacity of approximately 2,329.6MW (31 December 2017: 2,087.3MW). These solar power plants are mainly (or approximately 96%) located in the People’s Republic of China (“PRC”). Among subsidiaries, the Group has well-diversified its solar power plants in 18 different regions during the Year (31 December 2017: 16). Chart 1 analyses the locations of these solar power plants among various resource regions. It was noted that approximately 33% and 38% of the solar power plants were located within zone 1 and zone 2 in the PRC respectively in 2017; while zone 1 and zone 2 accounted for 33% and 36%, respectively of the total installed capacity in 2018. This shows our efforts in mitigating concentration risks by diversification of locations. Almost all the solar power plants owned and controlled by the Group and its associates are ground-mounted, while a small portion of them are roof-top type. The Group strategically develops and acquires solar power plants to achieve predetermined minimal rate of return and selects its solar power plants based on a combination of considerations, including solar irradiation of the site, applicable feed-in tariffs, government subsidies, conditions for local grid connection, electricity transmission infrastructure and demand for electricity, etc. The Group will also continue to explore good opportunities for growth. Panda Green Energy Group Limited | Annual Report 2018 During the Year, the Group had wind power plants in Shanxi, PRC with aggregate installed capacity of 96MW. Phase one with installed capacity of 48MW has been grid connected with full capacity; while phase two with installed capacity of 48MW was under construction. The Group owned development rights mainly in hydropower with an expected capacity of over 5GW. The Company indirectly holds 75% of the equity interest in the project company while the remaining 25% is indirectly held by the People’s Government of Tibet Autonomous Region. The Group is awaiting the planning of the PRC government’s ecological red line before the construction of any hydropower plants. In the short run, the Group will remain focused on the development of solar power business, while diversifying its renewable energy portfolios in order to supplement the multi-type energy supply in the long run. During the Year, the total electricity generated by the power plants of the Group and its associates/joint venture has increased from approximately 2,115,253 megawatt hours (“MWh”) in 2017 to approximately 3,192,630 MWh, representing an increase of approximately 51%. All these power plants are grid connected and are generating electricity steadily. Number of power Aggregate installed Electricity Weighted average utilisation Number of power Aggregate installed Electricity Weighted average utilisation (MWh) (Hours) (MWh) (Hours) The details of the electricity generated from each region for the Year are set out as below. For accounting purpose, the volume of electricity generated by the solar power plants newly acquired during the Year was recorded only starting from their respective completion date of acquisitions. The weighted average utilisation hour of solar power plants of the Group and its associates/joint venture has slightly increased for the Year. The Group actively carried out power market transactions, including inter-provincial solar power transmission, to improve the electricity generation and the utilisation hours. The Group’s first wind power plants in Shanxi, PRC recorded average utilisation hours of 2,069 for the Year. Panda Green Energy Group Limited | Annual Report 2018 21 As at 31 December 2018 For the year ended 31 December 2018 Aggregate installed Electricity Average tariff per KWh (net of VAT) (MWh) (RMB’ million) Subsidiaries: (i) Zone 1 (ii) Zone 2 (iii) Zone 3 Associates/joint venture: Jiangsu, PRC * Among the solar power plants located in Jiangsu, PRC, two roof-top power plants owned by Fengxian Huize Photovoltaics Energy Limited have obtained electricity price of RMB2.41/KWh (VAT included) or RMB2.06/KWh (net of VAT), which is in line with the guarantee made by the vendor upon acquisition of certain equity interest by the Group in 2013. The guaranteed electricity price for 2017 was met and no compensation was payable pursuant to the electricity income guarantee for the year ended 31 December 2018. Panda Green Energy Group Limited | Annual Report 2018 Following the success in the development of the “Top Runner” project for 100MW solar power plant in Datong, Shanxi in 2016, the Group successfully won another “Top Runner” project for 100MW floating solar power plants in Anhui Province in the same year. The project fully embodied technological innovation in respect of the fishery and solar power plant combination as well as comprehensive ecological control of subsidence areas. These floating solar power plants have achieved grid-connection during the Year. During the Year, the Group participated in certain photovoltaic poverty alleviation projects: one project with aggregate installed capacity of 75MW in Guangdong which was under construction; and two projects with aggregate installed capacity of 50MW in Sichuan which have achieved grid-connection during the Year. The power generation business is capital intensive in nature. The Group has been rigorously exploring various financing channels to enhance its financing capability and reduce its finance cost. During the Year, the Group has raised approximately RMB9 billion through various channels including medium-term notes, bank borrowings and finance leasing, etc. During the Year, the revenue and EBITDA were approximately RMB2,108 million and RMB1,772 million respectively (31 December 2017: RMB1,522 million and RMB1,198 million respectively). The increase in revenue and EBITDA was attributed to: (i) expansion in installed capacity of projects for around 14% by way of acquisition and self-development; and (ii) effective monitoring control in operation and maintenance so that most plants have increased in their electricity generation. The average tariff per KWh (net of VAT) for the Year was approximately RMB0.80. Table 2 summaries the details of the breakdown of revenue generated by each provincial region. Bargain purchase, in accounting sense, refers to the consideration price in an acquisition being lower than the fair value of the target acquired. The gain of approximately RMB26 million for the Year came from the acquisition of 70MW solar power plants; while the gain of approximately RMB956 million in prior year were mainly from the acquisition of Tibet project which owns development rights over 5GW hydropower capacity and 80MW solar power capacity in Tibet and Sichuan. The amount recognised for the Year comprised (i) a fair value loss of approximately RMB72 million, which primarily resulted from the fair value loss on the call option to acquire 96.68% equity interest in an associate; which was not exercised during the year upon its expiry. Accordingly, a fair value loss, representing the carrying amount of the call option as at 31 December 2017, was recognised; and (ii) the fair value loss on an unlisted investment recognised of approximately RMB42 million. In prior year, the Group has recognised a fair value loss of approximately RMB229 million in relation to a change in fair value of the shares and unlisted warrants between the date of commitment to issue and the date of issue. Such loss was no longer applicable for the Year. Panda Green Energy Group Limited | Annual Report 2018 23 The finance costs increased from approximately RMB1,275 million in 2017 to approximately RMB1,337 million during the Year. The increase was mainly attributable to expansion in installed capacity. Having said that, the overall finance costs to EBITDA ratio has been controlled from 106% in 2017 to 75% during the Year. In June 2013, the Group acquired concession rights from various vendors to develop and operate various solar power plant projects. The Group has been in discussions with respective vendors and intends to exercise these concession rights and will acquire more solar power plants before their expiry. On 31 May 2018, the National Development and Reform Commission, the Ministry of Finance of the PRC and the National Energy Administration jointly published “the Notice on PV Power Generation in 2018” ( 2018 , “the Notice”) with an aim to lowering solar feed-in-tariffs. According to the Notice, (i) for roof-top projects, only those roof-top projects on-grid on or before 31 May 2018 are eligible to national tariff adjustment; (ii) for ground projects, the benchmark on-grid price will be reduced by RMB0.05/KWh to RMB0.5/KWh, RMB0.6/KWh and RMB0.7/KWh for the projects in zone 1, zone 2 and zone 3, respectively. Management performed impairment test to determine the recoverable amount of the concession rights which was determined based on fair value less costs of disposal. In this connection, management has prepared cash flow forecasts of each of the concession rights taking into account factors, including but not limited to, the above revision of government policy, acquisition status of solar power plant projects, operational status of the solar power plants planned to be acquired; and the probability to exercise the concession rights before its expiry. As a result of the impairment test, an impairment charge of approximately RMB279 million (2017: RMB32 million) on concession rights was recognised during the year ended 31 December 2018. The above amount of impairment charge was not finalised and not available to the management of the Company at the time when the profit warning announcement was issued on 15 January 2019, which contributed to the even larger loss of more than RMB200 million as previously estimated in that announcement. A share-based payment expense was related to the amortisation of the fair value of share options granted under the Company’s share option scheme. The decrease was due to the resignation of certain directors and staff of the Group during the Year. Income tax mainly comprised the corporate income tax from certain project companies where the preferential tax concession rate of 7.5% or 12.5% applies. The trade and bills receivables will usually be settled within one year. For the tariff adjustment receivables in the PRC during the Year, there was a delay in settlement for the 5th, 6th and 7th batches of the Renewable Energy Tariff Subsidy Catalogue (the “Catalogue”). For the tariff adjustment receivables in the United Kingdom (“UK”) (i.e. income relating to the renewable obligation certificate), they will usually be settled within 4 months as a result of the processing time required for applying for renewable obligation certificates. Panda Green Energy Group Limited | Annual Report 2018 31 December 2018 31 December 2017 Installed Installed During the Year, the Company has redeemed all the outstanding convertible bonds upon maturity. The Group is actively seeking opportunities to obtain financing/refinancing to lower the cost of funds and to improve the liquidity. During the Year, the Group has obtained approximately RMB8,936 million borrowings, including the issue of an onshore 3-year RMB300 million medium-term note, a re-financing of an offshore 3-year US$100 million loan and the loan of approximately US$123 million to refinance one of the convertible bonds. The Group measures the delivery of its strategies and managing its business through regular measurements of several key performance indicators, particularly on the following ratios: EBITDA margin, funds from operations to debt ratio and debt to EBITDA ratio. Panda Green Energy Group Limited | Annual Report 2018 25 EBITDA margin: EBITDA margin is a measurement of the Group’s operating profitability and is calculated as EBITDA divided by the revenue. The Group’s EBITDA margin increased by 5% during the Year from 79% to 84%. This was mainly due to effective costs control implemented during the Year and the synergies from the increased capacity of power plants. Debt to EBITDA ratio: Debt to EBITDA ratio is a measurement of the years that will take the Group to repay its debts assuming net debts and EBITDA are held constant. This ratio is calculated as the net debts divided by EBITDA. Net debts is calculated as total borrowings less cash deposits. Total borrowings include current and non-current bank and other borrowings, construction costs payables and convertible bonds as shown in the consolidated statement of financial position. The ratio has slightly decreased during the Year to approximately 11.03 (31 December 2017: 13.95). Funds from operations to net debt ratio: Funds from operations to debt ratio is a measurement of the Group’s ability to pay its debts using its operating income alone. This ratio is calculated as the EBITDA plus cash interest received net of cash interest paid, divided by net debts. The ratio has increased for the Year from 2.6% to 4.1%. Interest coverage ratio: Interest coverage ratio measures the Group’s ability to pay interest on its interest-bearing debt. The ratio is calculated by EBITDA over net interest paid (actual interest paid minus actual interest income received during the Year). The ratio was 1.84 for the Year (31 December 2017: 1.56). As at 31 December 2018, the Group recorded non-current assets of approximately RMB24,157 million, current assets of approximately RMB6,618 million, current liabilities of approximately RMB7,546 million and non-current liabilities of approximately RMB17,359 million. The Group has established a treasury policy with the objective of lowering cost of funds. Therefore, funding for all its operations have been centrally reviewed and monitored at the Group level. To manage the Group’s exposure to fluctuations in interest rates on each solar power project, appropriate funding policies will be applied including the use of bank and other borrowings, issue of senior notes, medium-term notes and corporate bonds or placing of new shares. The management will continue its efforts in obtaining the most privileged rates and favourable terms to the Group for its financing. The Group monitors its capital structure based on the gearing ratio. This ratio is calculated as net debts divided by total capital. Total capital is calculated as “equity” as shown in the consolidated statement of financial position plus net debts. Panda Green Energy Group Limited | Annual Report 2018 The capital structure (including its gearing ratio) as at 31 December 2018 was as follows: December December The Group will use its best endeavour to lower its gearing ratio in the foreseeable future by deleveraging its liabilities, including but not limited to co-investing in power plants with strategic business partners. Except for certain bank and other borrowings with aggregate amounts of approximately RMB9,617 million which were carried at fixed rates, the remaining borrowings of the Group bore floating interest rates. As at 31 December 2018, the cash deposits were denominated in the following currencies: Representing: Panda Green Energy Group Limited | Annual Report 2018 27 As at 31 December 2018, the maturity, currency profile and weighted average life for the Group’s bank and other borrowings and convertible bonds are set out as follows: Within Over (Years) During the Year, the Group’s UK solar power plants had a floating-for-fixed interest rate swap arrangement for its bank borrowings. Other than that, the Group did not have any financial instruments for hedging purposes. As at 31 December 2018, the Group had capital commitment in respect of property, plant and equipment contracted amounted to approximately RMB369 million. During the Year, the Group has completed two acquisitions of subsidiaries with an aggregate installed capacity of 70MW. None of them is individually material to the Group. Save as mentioned above, the Group did not have any other material acquisitions nor disposals of subsidiaries, associates or joint ventures during the Year. A project company will be considered material when its total assets and total revenue exceed 10% of the Group. No project company holding operating power plants is individually material to the Group. The key customers in the PRC for the sales of electricity were subsidiaries of the State Grid Corporation of China (“State Grid”) and Inner Mongolia Grid Limited (“Inner Mongolia Grid”), all of which are PRC state-owned electric utility companies that transmit and distribute power in the PRC. As at 31 December 2018, the receivables from the subsidiaries of State Grid and Inner Mongolia Grid were approximately 79.1% and 20.4% of the total trade, bills and tariff adjustment receivables respectively. There was only one customer for the sales of electricity in the UK. This customer has strong financial position based on its publicly available financial information and operates as a subsidiary of a Norwegian government-owned power company. Having considered the repayment track record, the risk of concentration of key customers in the PRC and the UK was considered minimal. Panda Green Energy Group Limited | Annual Report 2018 As at 31 December 2018, 63% of bank and other borrowings of the Group were secured by the pledge over certain power generating modules and equipment, guarantee deposits, the fee collection right in relation to the sales of electricity in certain subsidiaries and/or pledge over the shares/equity interest of certain subsidiaries of the Group. As at 31 December 2018, the Group had 418 full-time employees (31 December 2017: 459). Employees were remunerated according to the nature of their positions, individual qualification, performance, working experience and market trends, with merit incorporated in the regular remuneration review to reward and motivate individual performance. The Group offers competitive compensation and benefit packages to different levels of staff, including additional medical insurance, discretionary bonus, various training programmes, sponsorship for further study, as well as share option scheme for the benefits of the directors and eligible employees of the members of the Group. Total employee benefits cost (excluding share-based payment of approximately RMB42 million) for the Year amounted to approximately RMB106 million (31 December 2017: RMB124 million). The Group operates mainly in Mainland China, Hong Kong and the UK. For the operations in Mainland China, the transactions are mostly denominated in RMB. Minimal exposure to fluctuation in exchange rates is expected. For the operations in Hong Kong, most of the transactions are denominated in HK$ and US$. Since the exchange rate of US$ against HK$ is pegged to each other under the Linked Exchange Rate System, the exposure to fluctuation in exchange rates will mainly arise from the translation to the presentation currency of the Group. For the operations in the UK, the net cash inflows from operations are sufficient to cover its loans which are denominated in local currency, therefore, no significant exchange rate exposure is concerned. The Group did not resort to any currency hedging facility for the Year. However, the management will monitor the Group’s foreign currency exposure should the need arise. As at 31 December 2018, the Group had no significant contingent liability. 2018 marks a year full of challenges for both Panda Green and the whole renewable energy industry in China. The entire industry was inevitably impacted by the “531 New Deal” (531 ) and the changes of the international trade environment. In the face of adversity, the Group continued to adhere to the development policy of “steady progress, innovation and efficiency”. Among others, from the continuous acquisition of quality power plant assets to boost total installed capacity, to the active introduction of powerful strategic investors such as Qingdao City Construction Investment (Group) Co. Limited, demonstrated that the Group remained hopeful about its prospects. In addition, in order to cope with the challenges, the Group has carried out internal optimisation. On one hand, the Group invited talents with rich experience in the finance, technology and management aspects. On the other hand, it carried out internal restructuring so as to improve the operation efficiency. We believe that the popularisation of renewable energy is an irreversible trend. The past year was only a transition period of industrial transformation. As we overcome this short but difficult journey, we will embrace the upcoming wave of renewable energy industry. 2019 will mark a year of restart for Panda Green. The capital strength of the Group will be greatly strengthened after receiving a new round of electricity subsidy from the Chinese Government and the capital contribution from shareholders, such as China Merchants New Energy Group Limited, China Huarong Overseas Investment Holdings Co., Limited, Huaqing Solar Power Limited and Asia Pacific Energy and Infrastructure Investment Group Limited, which will be providing a solid foundation for the future development. In 2019, in response to the China’s “Belt and Road” policy, the management and each employee of the Group will make greater contributions to the promotion of a green economy and the building of a low- carbon and efficient energy system in China and around the world. 