A. Revenue of the Group represents revenue derived from manufacturing and sales of optical fibre cables. During the year ended 31 December 2018, revenue of the Group amounted to approximately RMB900.3 million, representing a stable trend from approximately RMB901.3 million for the year ended 31 December 2017. For the year ended 31 December 2018, cost of sales of the Group was approximately RMB673.6 million, representing a decline of approximately 2.7% from approximately RMB692.6 million for the year ended 31 December 2017. The slight decline was due to the cost of optical fibre, the raw material for manufacturing optical fibre cables which remained stable and a structural adjustment on the sales mix leading to a decrease in cost of sales. Gross profit increased by approximately 8.6% to approximately RMB226.7 million for the year ended 31 December 2018 from approximately RMB208.7 million for the same period in 2017. During the period, the Group’s gross profit margin was approximately 25.2% as compared to a gross profit margin of approximately 23.2% for the year ended 31 December 2017. The improvement in gross profit margin was mainly attributable to the Major PRC Telecommunications Network Operators having adjusted up their purchase prices and the cost of optical fibre remaining stable. A net gain of approximately RMB1.4 million for the year ended 31 December 2017 has been increased to a net gain of approximately RMB12.3 million for the same period in 2018. The increase in net gain during the year was mainly attributable to (i) the increase in interest income to approximately RMB5.0 million (year ended 31 December 2017: approximately RMB4.2 million), (ii) the increase of government grant recognized to approximately RMB3.4 million (year ended 31 December 2017: approximately RMB3.3 million), (iii) a net foreign exchange gain of approximately RMB1.7 million recognized, whereas a net foreign exchange losses of approximately RMB6.7 million for year ended 31 December 2017, and (iv) the increase in the sales of electricity and gain on sales of other materials of approximately RMB2.2 million (year ended 31 December 2017: approximately RMB0.3 million). The Group’s selling and distribution expenses decreased by approximately 8.7% to approximately RMB16.9 million for the year ended 31 December 2018 from approximately RMB18.5 million for the same period in 2017. The decrease was mainly attributable to the increase of customers’ self pick-up ratio which leads to the decline of the transportation fee. The Group’s administrative expenses increased by approximately 10.9% to approximately RMB37.3 million for the year ended 31 December 2018 from approximately RMB33.6 million for the year ended 31 December 2017. Following the Listing in December 2016, the Group has employed more efforts to manoeuvere the compliance requirement for internal control and governance. The administrative expenses increased in line with the increase in the Group’s growing operations. The Group’s research costs increased by approximately 20.4% to approximately RMB45.7 million for the year ended 31 December 2018 from approximately RMB38.0 million for the year ended 31 December 2017. The increase was mainly attributable to the proactive deployment of the 5G related industries, and increased the research and development investment in related products. During the year ended 31 December 2018, the Group’s finance costs increased by approximately 38.9% to approximately RMB6.0 million from approximately RMB4.4 million for the same period in 2017. The increase was in line with the increase in bank borrowings. During the year ended 31 December 2018, the Group’s share of profit of an associate increased by approximately 16.0% to approximately RMB35.4 million from approximately RMB30.6 million for the same period of 2017. The increase was mainly due to the continuous improvement of profitability. The Group’s income tax expense increased by approximately 57.1% to approximately RMB27.1 million for the year ended 31 December 2018 from approximately RMB17.3 million for the year ended 31 December 2017. The increase was in line with the increase in the Group’s profits. As a result of the above, the Company has achieved a solid growth in profit and total comprehensive income attributable to owners of approximately 8.5% to approximately RMB141.4 million for the year ended 31 December 2018 from approximately RMB130.3 million for the same period in 2017. As at 31 December 2018, the Group had an aggregate of restricted bank balances, bank deposits with original maturity of more than three months, bank deposits, bank balances and cash of approximately RMB480.0 million (2017: approximately RMB465.1 million), representing an increase of approximately 3.2% as compared to that as at 31 December 2017. As at 31 December 2018, the Group had restricted bank balances of approximately RMB73.6 million (2017: approximately RMB71.8 million) that were pledged to banks for issuing bills payable. As at 31 December 2018, the Group had bank loans of approximately RMB200.0 million (2017: approximately RMB50.0 million), which were unsecured. All bank loans will be repayable within one year. As at 31 December 2018, the gearing ratio of the Group, calculated by having the total liabilities divided by the total equity, was approximately 75.9% (2017: approximately 58.1%). While the Group’s operations were principally in the PRC during the year and it mainly made sales and incurred production costs and expenses in RMB, the Group has certain bank deposits and balances, loan to an independent third party, advance from the Company’s ultimate holding company and certain bank loans denominated in foreign currencies. The Group does not use any derivative contracts to hedge against its exposure to currency risk, however, the Directors manage its foreign currency risk by closely monitoring the movement of the foreign currency rate. The Group’s fair value interest rate risk relates primarily to its fixed rate bank deposits and borrowings. The Group is also exposed to cash flow interest rate risk through the impact of rate changes on variable interest bearing financial assets, mainly restricted bank balances and bank balances which carried at prevailing market interest rates. The Group currently does not use any derivative contracts to hedge its exposure to interest rate risk. The management of the Group maintains a balanced portfolio of fixed rate and variable rate borrowings. The Group’s maximum exposure to credit risk in the event of the counterparties failure to perform their obligations at the end of the reporting period in relation to each class of recognised financial assets is the carrying amount of those financial assets stated in the consolidated statement of financial position. The Group’s credit risk is primarily attributable to its trade, bills and other receivables. In order to minimise the credit risk, the Group’s management continuously monitors the level of exposure to ensure that follow-up action is taken to recover overdue debts. In this regard, the Directors consider that the impact to the Group’s credit risk is insignificant. The Group’s bank deposits with original maturity more than three months, restricted bank balances, bank deposits and bank balances are placed with reputable banks with higher internal credit ratings with reference to either international or PRC credit-rating agencies, and expected credit loss (“ECL”) is insignificant. The Group has concentration of credit risk because approximately 86.0% (2017: approximately 99.8%) of trade receivables as at 31 December 2018 were due from the Major PRC Telecommunications Network Operators with good repayment history and strong financial background. Other than the above, the Group does not have significant concentration of credit risk. The Group’s management monitors the Group’s cash flow positions on a regular basis to ensure the cash flows of the Group are closely controlled. The Group aims to maintain flexibility in funding by keeping committed credit lines available and issue of new ordinary shares. As at 31 December 2018, the Group had capital commitments of capital expenditure contracted but not provided in respect of acquisition of property, plant and equipment amounting to approximately RMB2.9 million (2017: approximately RMB2.8 million). The Group will continue to invest in its development projects and acquire suitable plant and machinery, if it thinks fit. These investments will be funded by internal resources, external equity financing and/or borrowings and net proceeds from the global offering in which the Company’s ordinary shares of HK$0.001 each were issued at a price of HK$1.02 each on 12 December 2016 (the “Global Offering”). Save as disclosed in the Prospectus and in this report, the Group did not have any future plans for material investments as at the date of this report. As at 31 December 2018, the Group had approximately 440 employees. For the year ended 31 December 2018, the Group incurred staff costs of approximately RMB42.2 million. As required by applicable PRC laws and regulations, the Group participates in various employee benefit plans, including pension insurance, medical insurance and personal injury insurance. The Group adopts a competitive remuneration package for its employees. Remuneration packages are reviewed periodically with reference to the then prevailing market employment practices and legislation. For further details of the Company’s Share Option Scheme, please refer to section “Share Option Scheme” of the Report of the Directors below. No option was granted, exercised, cancelled nor lapsed under the Share Option Scheme since its effective date on 24 November 2016 and there was no outstanding share option as at 31 December 2017 and 2018. The Group did not have any contingent liabilities and litigation as at the date of this report. B. On 12 December 2016, the Company issued 280,000,000 shares at an offer price of HK$1.02 per share for the purpose of the Global Offering. Upon completion of the Global Offering, the Company raised gross proceeds of approximately HK$285.6 million. The proceeds, after deducting payment for remaining listing expenses, are intended to be utilised in accordance with the proposed application set out in the section headed “Future plans and use of proceeds” in the Prospectus. As at 31 December 2018, approximately HK$174.2 million of the net proceeds has been used by the Group. The unutilised proceeds were deposited with the licensed bank in Hong Kong and the PRC. Set out below is a summary of the utilisation of the net proceeds: Original plan as at For constructing the phase II expansion plan of our Jin Tan Factory to expand our production For upstream development or acquisition of the For research and development of diversified new products and services, and setting up a laboratory accredited by China National For repaying parts of the bank loans drawn down For additional working capital and other general corporate purpose in order to improve the The aggregate of the percentage figures in the table above may not add up to the relevant “Total” percentage figures shown due to rounding of the percentage figures to one decimal place. C. The Group is dedicated to reducing its impacts to the environment from its factories and offices through mitigating the environmental pollutions and utilising resource efficiently. The Group strives to comply with related environmental laws and legislations, and continual improvement on its performance. The Company will issue a separate Environmental, Social and Governance Report no later than three months after the date of this report in compliance with the Appendix 27 of the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on the Stock Exchange (the “Listing Rules”). D. The Group strives to maintain a good relationship with its employees, customers and suppliers. For more details on how it creates a motivated workplace for its employees, produce quality products to satisfy its customers’ expectations and, establish long-term relationships with its suppliers, please refer to the separate Environmental, Social and Governance Report. E. During the year ended 31 December 2018, the Group was not aware of any non-compliance with any relevant laws and regulations that has a significant impact on it. F. Upon the establishment of the joint venture namely Jiangsu Yingke Optical Material Technology Company Limited* (“Yingke Optical Material”) on 24 October 2017: i. On 4 April 2018, Jiangsu Hengtong Light Guide New Materials Company Limited* (“Hengtong Light Guide”) and Yingke Optical Material entered into a machinery procurement agreement in relation to the acquisition of the first batch of machineries for production of optical fibre preforms by Yingke Optical Material from Hengtong Light Guide; (2) Hengtong Light Guide and Yingke Optical Material entered into a lease agreement in relation to the lease of the factory premises from Hengtong Light Guide to Yingke Optical Material for production of optical fibre preforms for a period from 4 April 2018 to 31 December 2020; (3) Hengtong Light Guide and Yingke Optical Material entered into a framework procurement agreement in relation to the ongoing purchase of optical fibre preforms and raw materials for production of optical fibre preforms by Yingke Optical Material from Hengtong Light Guide for a period from 4 April 2018 to 31 December 2020; and (4) Yingke Optical Material and Jiangsu Nanfang Optic Electric Technology Company Limited* (“Nanfang Optic”) entered into a framework supply agreement in relation to the ongoing supply of optical fibre preforms by Yingke Optical Material to Nanfang Optic for a period from 4 April 2018 to 31 December 2020. ii. On 24 May 2018, Hengtong Light Guide and Yingke Optical Material entered into another machinery procurement agreement in relation to the acquisition of the second batch of machineries for production of optical fibre preforms by Yingke Optical Material from Hengtong Light Guide. As Hengtong Light Guide is a substantial shareholder of Yingke Optical Material, which is a subsidiary of the Company for the purpose of the Listing Rules, and Jiangsu Hengtong Optic-Electric Company Limited* (“Jiangsu Hengtong”) is the holding company of Hengtong Light Guide, both Jiangsu Hengtong and Hengtong Light Guide are considered as connected persons of the Company at the subsidiary level. As Nanfang Optic is held as to 47% by Jiangsu Hengtong, Nanfang Optic will be regarded as an associate of Jiangsu Hengtong for the purpose of the Listing Rules and therefore will also be considered as a connected person of the Company at the subsidiary level. Therefore, the transaction contemplated under the machinery procurement agreements would constitute a connected transaction and the transactions contemplated under each of the lease agreement, the framework procurement agreement and the framework supply agreement would constitute continuing connected transactions under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules. As (i) each of Hengtong Light Guide and Nanfang Optic is a connected person of the Company at the subsidiary level; (ii) the transactions contemplated under each of the machinery procurement agreements, the lease agreement, the framework procurement agreement and the framework supply agreement are on normal commercial terms; (iii) the Board (including all the independent nonexecutive Directors) have approved the transaction contemplated under each of the machinery procurement agreements, the lease agreement, the framework procurement agreement and the framework supply agreement and confirmed that the terms of these agreements are fair and reasonable and on normal commercial terms and in the interests of the Company and the Company’s shareholders (“Shareholders”) as a whole, by virtue of Rule 14A.101 of the Listing Rules, the connected transaction under the machinery procurement agreements and the continuing connected transactions under the lease agreement, the framework procurement agreement and the framework supply agreement are subject to the reporting and announcement requirements but are exempted from the circular, independent financial advice and Shareholders’ approval requirements under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules. For details of the establishment of Yingke Optical Material and connected transactions/continuing connected transactions, please refer to the Company’s announcements dated 13 October 2017, 25 October 2017, 4 April 2018 and 24 May 2018. On 28 September 2018, Nanfang Communication and Jiangsu Hengtong entered into the Jiangsu Hengtong framework procurement and supply agreement in relation to the ongoing purchase and sales of communication products including (i) optical fibre preforms, (ii) optical fibre and (iii) optical fibre cables and their raw materials between Nanfang Communication Group and Jiangsu Hengtong Group (as defined in the announcement of the Company dated 28 September 2018) for a period from 28 September 2018 to 31 December 2020. As Jiangsu Hengtong is the holding company of Hengtong Light Guide, which is a substantial shareholder of Yingke Optical Material, a subsidiary of the Company for the purpose of the Listing Rules, Jiangsu Hengtong is considered as a connected person of the Company at the subsidiary level. Therefore, the transactions contemplated under the Jiangsu Hengtong framework procurement and supply agreement will constitute continuing connected transactions under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules. As (i) Jiangsu Hengtong is a connected person of the Company at the subsidiary level; (ii) the transactions contemplated under the Jiangsu Hengtong framework procurement and supply agreement are on normal commercial terms; (iii) the Board (including all the independent nonexecutive Directors) have approved the transactions contemplated under the Jiangsu Hengtong framework procurement and supply agreement and confirmed that the terms of the Jiangsu Hengtong framework procurement and supply agreement are fair and reasonable and on normal commercial terms and in the interests of the Company and the Shareholders as a whole, by virtue of Rule 14A.101 of the Listing Rules, the continuing connected transactions under the Jiangsu Hengtong framework procurement and supply agreement are subject to the reporting and announcement requirements but are exempted from the circular, independent financial advice and Shareholders’ approval requirements under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules. For details of the continuing connected transactions, please refer to the Company’s announcement dated 28 September 2018. During the year, the Group has the following continuing connected transactions under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules (“the Disclosed Continued Connected Transactions”). i. Purchases of optical fibre preforms and raw materials from Hengtong Light Guide by Yingke Optical ii. Sales of optical fibre preforms to Nanfang Optic from Yingke Optical Material under framework supply iii. Purchases of raw materials from Jiangsu Hengtong and its fellow subsidiaries by the Group under Jiangsu iv. Rental expenses in respect of leasing factory premises from Hengtong Light Guide by Yingke Optical The Company’s auditor was engaged to report on the Disclosed Continuing Connected Transactions in accordance with Hong Kong Standard on Assurance Engagements 3000 (Revised) “Assurance Engagements Other Than Audits or Reviews of Historical Financial Information” and with reference to Practice Note 740 “Auditor’s Letter on Continuing Connected Transactions under the Hong Kong Listing Rules” issued by the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants. The auditor has issued an unqualified letter containing findings and conclusions in respect of the Disclosed Continuing Connected Transactions disclosed by the Group in this report in accordance with Rule 14A.56 of the Listing Rules as below: a. nothing has come to their attention that causes them to believe that the Disclosed Continuing Connected Transactions have not been approved by the Company’s board of directors. b. for transactions involving the provision of goods or services by the Group, nothing has come to their attention that causes us to believe that the transactions were not, in all material respects, in accordance with the pricing policies of the Company. c. nothing has come to their attention that causes them to believe that the transactions were not entered into, in all material respects, in accordance with the relevant agreements governing such transactions. d. with respect to the aggregate amount of each of the continuing connected transactions set out in the above list of continuing connected transactions, nothing has come to their attention that causes them to believe that the Disclosed Continuing Connected Transactions have exceeded the annual cap as set by the Company. The independent non-executive Directors have reviewed the continuing connected transactions and confirmed that the continuing connected transactions have been entered into: (i) in the ordinary and usual course of business of the Group; (ii) (iii) according to the agreement governing them on terms that are fair and reasonable and in the interests of the shareholders of the Company as a whole. The Company has complied with the disclosure requirements set out in Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules. G. On 28 August 2018, Ms. Yu Ruping and Mr. Yu Jinlai transferred their respective shares in Pacific Mind Development Limited (“Pacific Mind”) in aggregate representing 40% of the entire issued share capital thereof, to Ms. Yu Rumin by way of gifts (the “First Transfer”) and then Ms. Yu Rumin transferred all her shares in Pacific Mind, representing the entire issued share capital thereof, to UBS Nominee Limited (the “Nominee Company”), as the nominee of the trustee, by way of gifts (the “Second Transfer” and together with the First Transfer, the “Transfers”). An application has been made to the Securities and Futures Commission of Hong Kong for a waiver from the obligation to make a general offer for the Company’s shares as a result of the Transfers and the Executive has granted a waiver from making a general offer pursuant to Note 6(a) to Rule 26.1 of the Takeovers Code in favour of the trustee and the Nominee Company in this regard. For details of the change in shareholding structure of controlling shareholder of the Company, please refer to the Company’s announcement dated 29 August 2018. H. Save as disclosed in section headed “F. Connected Transaction/Continuing Connected Transactions” above, none of the related party transactions disclosed in notes 20, 23, 25 and 34 to the consolidated financial statements constitutes a discloseable connected transaction under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules. 