Revenue of the Group mainly consists of revenue derived from the (i) sales of our developed properties, (ii) lease of investment properties, (iii) provision of property agency and related services, (iv) provision of property operation and related services, (v) provision of hotel management and related services, (vi) provision of travel agency services and (vii) manufacture and sale of fuel pumps respectively. For the year ended 31 December 2018, revenue of the Group amounted to approximately RMB13,986 million, representing an increase of 43.0% from approximately RMB9,783 million in 2017. Profit for the year attributable to the owners of the Company was approximately RMB728 million, representing a decrease of 36.9% from approximately RMB1,154 million in 2017. The Company recognised revenue from the sales of properties when significant risks and rewards of ownership have been transferred to home buyers, i.e., when relevant property has been completed and the possession of the property delivered to home buyers. Revenue from property development represents proceeds from the sales of the Group’s properties held for sale. Revenue derived from property development increased by 29.7% to approximately RMB8,555 million in 2018 from approximately RMB6,598 million in 2017, which was primarily due to the newly-recognised properties in Chengdu and Huizhou brought forward to this year. Chengdu Xiangmendi Yuechange No.9 Garden Nanjing Fantasia Town Chengdu MIC Plaza 1 Nanjing Xinian Center Chengdu Grande Valley Suzhou Lago Paradise Tianjin Huaxiang Wuhan Love Forever Suzhou Xinian Plaza Dali Human Art Wisdom Wuhan Fantasia Town Chengdu Longnian Plaza Shenzhen Lenian Plaza Chengdu Fantasia Town Novena Love Forever Guilin Fantasia Town Ningbo Love Forever Dongguan Wonderland Children’s Guide Tour Day 2018 Revenue generated from property investment increased by 4.1% to approximately RMB253 million in 2018 from approximately RMB243 million in 2017. Such increase was primarily due to additional area of investment properties leased externally. Chengdu Love Forever Dongguan Mont Conquerant Huizhou Love Forever Chengdu Flower Garden Tianjin Love Forever Chengdu Mont Conquerant Chengdu Funian Plaza Wuxi Xinian Plaza Shenzhen Lonqiwan Revenue derived from property agency services increased by 124.1% to approximately RMB130 million in 2018 from approximately RMB58 million in 2017. Such increase was primarily due to the expansion of agency services in relation to carparks. In 2018, the Group recorded other net gain of RMB712 million, (2017: RMB1,009 million). Such a difference was mainly attributable to the exchange loss of RMB741 million in 2018 (2017: exchange gain of RMB599 million) and change in fair value of financial assets at FVTPL of RMB939 million (2017: RMB4 million). The Group’s selling and distribution expenses increased by 5.1% to approximately RMB439 million in 2018 from approximately RMB418 million in 2017. The increase was mainly due to the increase in advertising expenses of physical-form advertisements and other expenses. The Group’s administrative expenses increased by 19.0% to approximately RMB1,389 million in 2018 from approximately RMB1,168 million in 2017. This increase was mainly due to the increase in staff headcount required to support the business development that resulted from the expansion scale of the Group’s operation during its transformation to become a community-based company. Revenue derived from property operation services increased by 106.4% to approximately RMB4,158 million in 2018 from approximately RMB2,015 million in 2017. The increase was primarily due to the increase in both the GFA of the properties under the Group’s management and the scope of value-added services provided in 2018. Revenue derived from hotel services increased by 1.5% to approximately RMB136 million in 2018 from approximately RMB134 million in 2017. It principally involved Morning Star acquired in end December 2015 and American ASIMCO Investments III Ltd. acquired in June 2016. Gross profit increased by 44.4% to approximately RMB4,184 million in 2018 from approximately RMB2,898 million in 2017, while the Group’s gross profit margin was 29.9% in 2018 as compared to a gross profit margin of 29.6% in 2017. Gross profit margin was generally consistent with that over the previous year due to steady development of the businesses. The Group’s finance costs increased by 14.5% to approximately RMB1,465 million in 2018 from approximately RMB1,280 million in 2017. The increase in finance costs was mainly due to the increase in average annual balance of interest-bearing liabilities. The Group’s income tax expenses increased by 61.5% to approximately RMB1,869 million in 2018 from approximately RMB1,157 million in 2017. This increase was mainly due to the increase in profit before tax. Profit attributable to owners of the Company decreased by 36.9% from approximately RMB1,154 million in 2017 to approximately RMB728 million in 2018. As at 31 December 2018, the Group’s bank balances and cash were approximately RMB28,570 million (2017: approximately RMB16,442 million), representing an increase of 73.8% as compared to that as at 31 December 2017. A portion of the Group’s cash is restricted bank deposits that are restricted for use of property development. These restricted bank deposits will be released upon completion of the development of the relevant properties in which such deposits are related to. Net Gearing Ratio The net gearing ratio was 77.4% as at 31 December 2018 as compared to that of 76.0% as at 31 December 2017, representing a slight increase of 1.4 percentage points. The net gearing ratio was measured by net debt (total borrowings, senior notes and bonds and asset-backed securities issued, net of bank balances and cash and restricted/pledged bank deposits) over total equity. As at 31 December 2018, the Group had an aggregate borrowings, senior notes and bonds and asset-backed securities issued of approximately RMB19,156 million (31 December 2017: approximately RMB9,864 million) and approximately RMB24,208 million (31 December 2017: approximately RMB19,805 million) and approximately RMB260 million (31 December 2017: approximately RMB228 million), respectively. Amongst the borrowings, approximately RMB7,960 million (31 December 2017: approximately RMB3,022 million) will be repayable within one year, approximately RMB9,306 million (31 December 2017: approximately RMB6,718 million) will be repayable between two to five years and approximately RMB1,890 million (31 December 2017: approximately RMB124 million) will be repayable after five years. Amongst the senior notes, approximately RMB6,398 million (31 December 2017: approximately RMB4,485 million) will be repayable within one year and approximately RMB17,810 million (31 December 2017: approximately RMB15,320 million) will be repayable after one year. As at 31 December 2018, a substantial part of the borrowings was secured by land use rights and properties of the Group. The senior notes were jointly and severally guaranteed by certain subsidiaries of the Group through pledging their shares. The Group mainly operates its business in China. Other than the foreign currency denominated bank deposits, borrowings, obligations under finance leases and senior notes, the Group does not have any other material direct exposure to foreign exchange fluctuations. During 2018, despite an appreciation in the exchange rates of RMB against US dollar and Hong Kong dollar, the directors expected that any fluctuation in the exchange rates of RMB would not have a material adverse impact on the Group’s operation. As at 31 December 2018, the Group had committed payment for the construction and land development expenditure amounting to approximately RMB10,921 million (2017: RMB2,672 million). As at 31 December 2018, the Group had provided guarantees amounting to approximately RMB9,790 million (2017: approximately RMB7,297 million) in respect of mortgage facilities granted by certain banks in connection with the mortgage loans entered into by purchasers of the Group’s properties. Pursuant to the terms of the guarantees, if there is default of mortgage payments by these purchasers, the Group is responsible to repay the outstanding mortgage loans together with accrued interests thereon and any penalty owed by the defaulted purchasers to banks. The Group is then entitled to take over the legal title of the related properties. The guarantee period commences from the dates of grant of the relevant mortgages loans and ends after the purchaser obtained the individual property ownership certificate. In the opinion of the Directors, the possibility of the default of the purchasers is remote and the fair value of guarantee contracts is insignificant at the inception and at the end of each reporting date. As at 31 December 2018, excluding the employees of communities managed on a commission basis, the Group had approximately 38,007 employees (31 December 2017: approximately 31,059 employees). Total staff costs, including the Directors’ emoluments, for the year ended 31 December 2018 amounted to approximately RMB1,812 million (2017: approximately RMB1,144 million). Remuneration is determined with reference to the performance, skills, qualifications and experiences of the staff concerned and according to the prevailing industry practice. Besides salary payments, other staff benefits include contribution to the mandatory provident fund (for Hong Kong employees) and state-managed retirement pension scheme (for Chinese employees), a discretionary bonus program and a share option scheme. The Company adopted the share option scheme on 27 October 2009. As at 31 December 2018, a total of 142,660,000 share options were granted and 151,000 (2017: nil) share options had lapsed while 922,000 (2017: 225,000) share options had been exercised during the year. As at 31 December 2018, the number of outstanding share options was 84,028,000. The Directors recommended the declaration of a final dividend at the rate of HK4.00 cents per share, payable on Friday, 28 June 2019, to all persons registered as holders of shares of the Company on Thursday, 30 May 2019, subject to the approval of the shareholders at the forthcoming annual general meeting of the Company (the “AGM”). The aggregate amount shall be paid out of the Company’s share premium account. Throughout the domestic real estate market environment in 2018, under the strict implementation of the positioning of “house are for living and non for speculation”, in the first three quarters, the four limit policies continued to be in high-pressure, and continued to be increased in controlling financial credit. In the fourth quarter, the regulatory policies were slightly loose, and the overall market tends to be stable. In this context, the overall sales growth rate has slowed down in the sector, but the major property developers still maintained a year-on-year growth. The Group also actively responded to policy and market changes. With an accurate strategic layout, it continued to deepen further its expansion in four major regions, including the Pearl River Delta, the Yangtze River Delta, the Beijing-Tianjin Metropolitan Area, and the Chengdu-Chongqing Economic Zone, as well as the core cities in Central China, and thereby achieved a quality increase. At the same time, we have always focused on development of quality products from a humanistic perspective at a grateful heart. At present, Fantasia has formed four major product lines: Jiatianxia, Xingfuwanxiang, Huayang Jinjiang and smart community industrial park. In particular, the intelligent community product line represented by “Jiatianxia” has been recognised by the market, and the “Jiatianxia” product lines have demonstrated fully the idea of Fantasia to become a “smart” manufacturer in happy communities. “Jiatianxia” has integrated hardware, software, services and technology to bring together the concepts of technology and beauty, smart communities and warm services. The Group has focused on creating quality boutique products with its own characteristics and will continue to launch on the market, and promote the Group to become the leading community “smart” manufacturer. Children’s Guide Tour Day 2018 During the Period, the Group recorded contracted sales of RMB30,173 million and contracted sales area of 2,698,893 sq.m. of which, RMB5,570 million was derived from urban complexes projects, representing approximately 18.5% of the Group’s total contracted sales. RMB21,404 million was derived from boutique upscale residences projects, representing approximately 70.9% of the Group’s total contracted sales; and RMB3,199 million was derived from mid-to-high end residences projects, representing approximately 10.6% of the Group’s total contracted sales. Proportion of contracted sales value attributable to different Proportion of contracted sales area attributable to different The proportion of contracted sales and contracted sales area attributable to different product categories for 2018 (RMB million) (sq.m.) During the Period, the contracted sales contribution to the Group’s real estate business were mainly derived from 17 cities, including Chengdu, Wuhan, Guilin, Tianjin and Nanjing, and also from 51 projects including Jiatianxia at Chengdu, Xiangmendi at Chengdu, Chengdu Longnian International Center, Huahaoyuan (Jinshanghua) at Wuhan, Guilin Lakeside Eden, Tianjin Jiatianxia and Nanjing Jiatianxia. As compared to last year, the Group used Chengdu as the center for the Chengdu-Chongqing market, Wuhan as the center for the Central China market, Shenzhen as the center for the Pearl River Delta market, Tianjin as the center for the Beijing-Tianjin Metropolitan Area market and Shanghai as the center for the Yangtze River Delta market, and earned good reputation and impact in the local markets. These cities became the major force that contributed to the fulfillment of our target this year. At the same time, the Jiatianxia series, our brand new product, were sold out in all major regions, boosting huge contributions in unveiling the sales layout in 2018. Contracted sales value distribution in five major regions for Contracted sales area distribution in five major regions for Beijing-Tianjin Pearl River Central Chengdu- Chongqing Economic Beijing-Tianjin Yangtze River Delta Pearl River Chengdu- Breakdown of the Group’s contracted sales in five major economic regions in 2018 Proportion Proportion (RMB million) (sq.m.) As a vital economic hub in South-western China, the Chengdu-Chongqing Economic Zone shows its robust market demand, and is one of the earliest important strategic markets of the Group. After 18 years of development in this region, the Group has become one of the most influential branded property developers. During the Period, the Group secured a leading market position in terms of sales performance by integrating hotel, property, retirement life services and other resources to improve products and strengthen community management, develop benchmark projects and star products, ranked amongst the top four in the market in term of sales area, achieved its ten billion sales value in a single region for the entire year and had exceeded expectation. During the Period, the Group recorded contracted sales area of approximately 1,367,509 sq.m. in the Chengdu-Chongqing Economic Zone and contracted sales of approximately RMB12,816 million, attributing to 50.7% and 42.5% of the total contracted sales area and total contracted sales of properties of the Group respectively. By leveraging on the development of Guangdong-Hong Kong-Macao Greater Bay Area, the Pearl River Delta Region market will become a vital testing ground for China to build the world-class city clusters and participate in global competition. Under the new policy environment, the Group seizes the opportunity to accelerate its business development in Shenzhen, Guangzhou, Huizhou and Guilin markets to seek greater business growth and acquire more land reserves. During the Period, the market conditions in Pearl River Delta Region were healthy. Several projects such as Shenzhen Jiatianxia and Guilin Lakeside Eden had robust sales and became the “top sales” projects in this market segment. Meanwhile, the Group actively expanded its projects to the surrounding regions which strongly supported the Group’s future development in the Pearl River Delta Region. During the Period, the Group recorded contracted sales area of approximately 478,223 sq.m. in the Pearl River Delta Region and contracted sales of approximately RMB6,090 million, attributing to 17.7% and 20.2% of the total contracted sales area and total contracted sales of properties of the Group respectively. Central China, is the nation’s geographical center, relatively developed in terms of transportation and economy, and its development is of strategic significance to the Group. During the Period, the Group proactively promoted the development of its existing projects and seized market opportunities to expedite de-stocking, achieving rapid sales of projects in rigid demand with increasing price premiums and achieved better annual results. Leveraging on its reputation and customer recognition in regional markets, the Group accelerated its business development and acquired a number of new projects in such key cities as Wuhan, Zhengzhou, Changsha and Xi’an in Central China, laying a solid foundation for its subsequent development in the region. During the Period, the Group recorded contracted sales area of 357,402 sq.m. and contracted sales of approximately RMB4,988 million in Central China, attributing to13.2% and 16.5% of the total contracted sales area and total contracted sales of properties of the Group respectively. Yangtze River Delta Region is a resource allocation pivot with great economic vitality, a technology innovation hub with global influence, and a vital international gateway in the Asian-Pacific region. The Group has long been paying great attention to its existing projects and the key cities with high growth potential within the region. It successively expanded the surrounding cities of Shanghai, such as Suzhou, Taicang, Ningbo Cixi and the current fast-growing Hangzhou Bay segment, and achieved good sales within 18 years, laying a solid foundation for the expansion of the Yangtze River Delta Region. During the Period, the Group focused on customers’ needs and strived to develop products with high market recognition, thus greatly boosting the sales of key projects and gaining considerable market attention and influence. During the Period, the Group recorded contracted sales area of 307,702 sq.m. and contracted sales of approximately RMB4,007 million in the Yangtze River Delta Region, attributing to 11.4% and 13.3% of the total contracted sales area and total contracted sales of properties of the Group respectively. The Beijing-Tianjin Metropolitan Area is the most important economic hub in Northern China. Strengthening the development of Beijing-Tianjin Metropolitan Area has always been one of the Group’s development priorities. During the Period, the Group accelerated the development of its existing projects in the region, and at the same demonstrated its market strength through the intelligent community concept, represented by Jiatianxia ( ) product series, as its core advantage. On top of that, it sped up its business expansion in key cities such as Tianjin, Beijing and Shijiazhuang by acquiring land reserves and undertaking new cooperation projects, to grow bigger and have greater influence in regional markets. During the Period, the Group recorded contracted sales area of approximately 188,057 sq.m. and contracted sales of approximately RMB2,272 million in the Beijing-Tianjin Metropolitan Area, attributing to 7.0% and 7.5% of the total contracted sales area and total contracted sales of properties of the Group respectively. During the Reporting Period, the Group commenced development of 20 projects or phases of projects with a total planned GFA of approximately 4,630,571 sq.m.. Breakdown of newly commenced projects in 2018 Project-serial Company’s (sq.m.) Land I of Lingui New District, Residential and Huahaoyuan (Zijin Huafu ( )) Huiyang District, Residential and Phase 1 of Huiyang District, Residential and Land H of Lingui New District, Residential and Residential and Phase 3 of Residential and Xiangmendi (South Area) Residential and Phase 4 of Residential and Phase 5 of Residential and Residential and Qingbaijiang District, Residential and Land No.2 of Taiping New Town, Project-serial Company’s (sq.m.) Gedian Hi-tech District, Residential and Residential and During the reporting period, the Group completed 10 projects or phases of projects, with a total GFA of approximately 1,342,727 sq.m.. Breakdown of completed projects in 2018 (sq.m.) As at 31 December 2018, the Group had 26 projects or phases of projects under construction, with a total planned GFA of 5,936,108 sq.m. Breakdown of projects under construction as at 31 December 2018 Project serial (sq.m.) Huahaoyuan (Zijin Huafu ( )) Residential and commercial Residential and Project serial (sq.m.) Block E of Residential and Land F of Residential and Land I of Residential and Land H of Residential and Residential and Residential and Residential and Residential and Residential and Xiangmendi (South area) Residential and commercial Residential and commercial Residential and commercial Land 2# of Suzhou Taicang Taigucheng Suzhou Lago Paradise Taihu National Tourism Vacation Project serial (sq.m.) Residential and commercial Shenzhen Jiatianxia Residential and commercial Residential and commercial Residential and commercial As at 31 December 2018, the Group had 25 projects or phases of projects held for development, with a total planned GFA of approximately 5,357,310 sq.m.. The breakdown of projects held for development as at 31 December 2018 Project-serial Company’s (sq.m.) Residential and Remaining phases of Zhongkai Hi-tech Zone, Residential and Taihu National Tourism Vacation Guobang Huayuan ( ) Remaining area D2/I2 of Lakeside Eden (Wanhao) Residential and Remaining area G/A2 of Lakeside Eden (Juhao) Residential and Remaining land of Residential and commercial Project-serial Company’s (sq.m.) Remaining phases of Laojunshan, Xinjin County, Residential, commercial and Remaining phases of Residential and Residential and Remaining phases of Residential and Ziyang Project of Chengdu company (3 locations in China and abroad) Southern side of Chengnan Road, Residential and Remaining phases of Residential, commercial and Remaining land of Residential and Hankou Xingfuwanxiang Next to Hankou City Plaza, Wuhan Hanzheng Street the First Wusheng Road and Yanjiang Road Wuhan Huahaoyuan Project Next to Hankou City Plaza, Houhu, Commercial and Wuhan Jinshanghua Project Commercial and Residential and Residential and During the Period, the Group continued to adhere to its prudent investment strategy and its development direction of acquiring land in first-tier cities, such as Chengdu, Wuhan, Hangzhou, Ningbo, Kunming and Shijiazhuang, which enjoy strong market potential and capable of delivering rich returns. As at 31 December 2018, the planned GFA of the Group’s land bank amounted to approximately 17,094,342 sq.m., in which a planned GFA of properties which has signed framework agreements was 5,800,924 sq.m. (sq.m.) (sq.m.) (sq.m.) (sq.m.) Chengdu-Chongqing Beijing-Tianjin During the reporting period, Colour Life completed the acquisition of the equity in Wanxiangmei, added a large number of high-end properties, and gradually built a complete service system covering multiple grades and multiple forms to optimise the project layout and business structure. At the same time, Colour Life has obtained a large amount of contracted management property area through discretionary entrustments, which fully demonstrated the market competitiveness and brand awareness of Colour Life in the industry. Benefiting from the continuous increase in scale effect and brand effect, the management area of Colour Life has maintained rapid growth. As at 31 December 2018, contracted management area of Colour Life reached 553.7 million sq. m., servicing 2,709 communities, which increased by 117.7 million sq.m. and 325 communities respectively. While actively expanding the management area, Colour Life continued to adhere to its efficiency revolution in fundamental property services. Based on the long-term intensification, platform-oriented and standardization transformation of fundamental property services, Colour Life further put forward the “Big Dipper” strategy. By dividing the traditional property management services into evaluable and traceable orders, it could achieve production sub-contracting for every household with accountability, and also enhanced service efficiency in the seven aspects of safety, maintenance, cleaning, parking, payment, energy and complaints. Moreover, Colour Life established connections with excellent partners in the industry through platform output and exported its underlying technology of Caizhiyun ( ) to help them exploring new source of value-added services without separating the profits of fundamental property services owned by cooperative partners at the same time. Since it launched the platform output model, Colour Life has received receptive responses from industry cooperative partners. As at 31 December 2018, the service area under Colour Life’s platform reached 1,122.3 million sq.m., which includes 553.7 million sq.m. for contracted area, 318.6 million sq.m. for cooperation area and 250.0 million sq.m. for alliance area. With continuous expansion in service scale of the platform, as at 31 December 2018, the number of echo-system registered users of Colour Life had exceeded 26.4 million, of which 14.0 million were active users. The breakthrough growth of registered users was mainly derived from the rapid development of ecosystem and homeowners in the cooperation communities who registered as online users. In the future, Colour Life will gradually turn registered users into active users and then consumer users eventually through online plus offline operating strategy to fuel the growth of trading volume and value-added business. While users scale was growing steadily, the construction of Colour Life’s ecosystem also achieved tremendous progress. During the Period, the Gross Merchandise Volume (GMV) of Caizhiyun platform amounted to RMB9,448.0 million, representing a YoY growth of 24.1%. In particular, with the increase in the trading volume of core products such as “Colour Wealth Life”, the revenue from online promotion services reached RMB169.4 million. In addition, Colour Life achieved cooperation with developers in various means by assisting them in selling inventory assets, namely parking spaces. During the Period, the cumulative sales reached 4,150 parking spaces, which drove the revenue from sales and rental assistance of RMB146.6 million. Driven by the aforesaid core products, during the Period, the revenue from value-added business of Colour Life amounted to RMB408.4 million, representing a YoY growth of 47.5% with a high gross profit margin of 95.7%. Such revenue contributed to 33.6% of Colour Life’s segment profit and was the second largest source of revenue and profit in the business distribution. ZHI ART MUSEUM Lecture 1 Moreover, in March 2018, Colour Life innovated community retail moder, launched the new products of “Colour Benefit Life ( )” by integrating e-commerce with property management fee payment. The community residents can deduct property management fee and parking fee which they need to pay through purchasing commodities and services for their daily needs on Colour Benefit Life. Due to the precise understanding of community residents’ demand by our frontline staff, as well as the trust of residents on Colour Life, Colour Benefit Life can reduce the generic expensive marketing expenses of commodities and service suppliers, and at the same time, suppliers return a portion of reduced marketing expenses to residents as property management fee. By virtue of “Colour Benefit Life ( )”, homeowners can enjoy reduced and exempted property management fee benefits, allowing quality shops to have direct access to the community retail channel, and Colour Life can improve the collection rates of property management fee, thereby achieving a win-win situation among them. As at 31 December 2018, Colour Benefit Life achieved a total of 1,824.6 thousand transactions with total transaction amount of RMB70.9 million, which offset RMB36.2 million in terms of property management fee and 260 thousand households enjoyed reduced property management fee. Colour Life took practical actions to achieve win-win situation in community service. By adhering to the multi-business development route, Home E&E owned subsidiaries such as Fantasia International Property, Home E&E (Shanghai) Business Management Co., Ltd.* ( ( ) ), Jinnian Hotel and Niutian Electromechanical. Home E&E Group is mainly engaged in property services. As of 2018, the contract area was 30.43 million sq.m. with 142 projects, and the net increased contract area in 2018 was 7.11 million sq.m.. As at 31 December 2018, Home E&E (Shanghai) Business Management Co., Ltd. entered into 5 contracts in total, with total contract amount of RMB158 million and service area of 460,000 sq.m., covering 5 cities. It also established cooperative relationship with CGH Group, Huai’an Development Chengtou Group* ( ), Guangxi Dingsheng Real Estate* ( )and other real estate companies. By adhering to the concept of “premier housing, enjoying perfect business trip” and “healthy guest rooms”, the hotel management companies under Home E&E Group earned high market recognition. The average guest room occupancy rate of urban apartment projects for the year reached over 85%, representing a YoY growth of about 25%, extending the community property service ecosystem of Home E&E in a better manner. For project management, it completed the development and integration of property facility equipment and energy management Internet of things platform (PEEM-IOT system) with general applications. In 2018, the project management centre of Niutian Electromechanical secured 10 new projects, elevator business department undertakes 1,536 elevator maintenance projects and 11 new projects for the fire prevention business department. Urban complexes is one of the most important product categories in the Group’s real estate business. With 20 years of market experience, the Group upholds its mission to pursue innovative business models and diverse business offerings. To this end, during the Period, Fantasia Business Management Company Limited (“Fantasia Business Management” or “FBM”), a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Group, managed to recruit many industry talents, and actively participated in business planning, merchant solicitation and investment invitation for certain large projects of the Group. Meanwhile, it has also engaged in providing business agent, commissioned management and other entrusted asset management services for business management projects outside the Group. Nanjing OMG Mall, a project developed and operated by FBM, a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Group, commenced operation on 28 September 2014, with an occupancy rate of over 98%. In Nanjing or even Jiangsu Province, Nanjing OMG Mall has become a renowned community business complex. In May 2017, FBM set up a Nanjing-based subsidiary as its regional core business in the Eastern China market to extend positive influence to the surrounding cities, marking another milestone in its development. Guilin OMG Mall, which commenced operation on 19 June 2015, had an occupancy rate of over 100%, committed to becoming a flagship shopping mall in Lingui New District or even Guilin City. “Fantasia World Outlets” in Pi County, Chengdu commenced operation on 23 December 2016. The preparation works for opening the business of Chengdu Hongtang Project, Suzhou Hongtang Project, Taicang Zhimatang Project ( ) and Nanjing Lishui Hongtang Project ( ) are underway in full swing. Upholding the business philosophy of “steady expansion from a small niche”, in 2018, Fantasia Business Management Company Limited undertook entrusted asset management projects in a more active manner to build up urban key projects. By doing so, it gradually established strategic presence in three major regions, namely Eastern China, Southern China and Southwestern China, and has undertaken over 50 such projects in such provinces as Tibet, Jiangxi, Jiangsu, Sichuan, Guangdong, Guangxi, Hunan, Yunnan, Guizhou and Anhui. In particular, ten projects including “Jiangsu Yangzhou Joy Commercial Plaza”, “Jiangsu Yangzhou Libao Commercial Plaza”, “Lhasa Fantasia World Outlets”, “Kunming Lingxiu Knowledge Town”, “Huizhou Kangchengsiji Zhimatang”, “Yongzhou Chuntian Urban Plaza”, “Ganzhou OMG Mall ( )”, “Shenzhen Longhua Fuchi Building”, “Guiyang Karst Urban Plaza” and “Liuzhou Jinluzhou Xingguangdadao Shopping Plaza ( )” have opened for business. In addition, “Nanjing Hailrun OMG Mall”, “Hefei Tianlonghui ( )”, “Bengbu Dongfang Xintiandi Plaza ( )”, “Haifeng First City ( )”, “Shanwei Coastal City ( )” and “Guiyang TTMALL” are scheduled to open for business, and several projects are being developed. While consolidating its fundamental business model, FBM is keeping up with the times by vigorously developing new cooperative models and strengthening the implementation in new retail models and vertical operation. With the growth of its entrusted asset management business, FBM will provide homeowners across the country with more quality services to harvest greater returns. The brand image and awareness of FBM have been greatly improved, creating its unique brand influence in the industry. FBM will continue to scale up entrusted management of business assets, and follow the “asset-light and heavy” strategy to seek for asset-heavy business partners nationwide on the basis of its existing entrusted asset management services. As such, we believe that FBM will yield stable and growing returns. In 2018, the Cultural and Tourism Company focused on accelerating the implementation of aviation business segment. FuNian Jet Aviation won the CCAR-145 maintenance permits and CCAR-135 operation certificates issued by CAAC Central and Southern Regional Administration, and duly commenced the operation of corporate aircraft. Its three corporate aircrafts completed safe flight flying of 759 hours in the second half of 2018, achieved high utilization with smooth operation. The travel agency optimized its staff structure and adjusted business segment, and added new revenue-generating department. With the overall decline of tourism market in Hong Kong, the operating performance of Morning Star Travel Service recorded a growth as compared with the same period of last year. The travel agency will focus on developing the domestic market business in China and launch a community tourism platform by integrating travel flows and community resources. In 2018, the retirement life service sector of Futainian continued to focus on the retirement life service market. It recorded 120,000 homecare services, outperformed the annual target tasks assigned by the Group. During the year, two breakthroughs were achieved in the retirement life business: Firstly, the opening of Fulin Shuncheng Shop ( ) where 133 beds were newly added and reached a total of 282 beds in its operation. Secondly, it recorded revenue of RMB 5.60 million in homecare, representing a year-on-year growth of 100%. Futainian has continuously improved its service standard system, by leveraging on the American pension service management system, and combining with the practical experience of Fulin Elderly Service Apartment for many years, it completed the preparation of Futainian’s elderly caring service management standard, and has promoted its application in practical projects. 