In 2018, despite the complex and challenging domestic and international environment, Chinese economy remained steady with general improvement and the main expected targets for social and economic developments were well achieved, mainly in the following six aspects: First, the economy stably operated within a reasonable range, and the macro-control objectives were better achieved. (1) The economy has maintained a medium-to-high- speed growth, and the total economic output has reached a new level. In 2018, GDP grew by 6.6% over the previous year, achieving an expected growth target of around 6.5%, ranking first among the top five economies in the world. (2) The price increase was lower than expected, and consumer prices rose moderately. In 2018, the Consumer Price Index rose by 2.1% from the previous year. (3) Urban employment continued to expand, and new employment increased substantially. (4) The import and export remained stable with good growth momentum and the international balance of payments was basically balanced. In 2018, the total volume of imports and exports exceeded RMB30 trillion for the first time. The scale of trade in goods also reached a record high, continuing to occupy the world No. 1 position with a continuously optimizing trade structure. Second, the three major battles started well and the weak links were significantly strengthened. The macro leverage ratio has stabilized, the effectiveness of poverty alleviation has been remarkable, and positive progress has been made in energy conservation, emission reduction and pollution prevention and treatment. Third, with the deepening of the supply- side structural reform, the implementation of “eliminating excess capacity, inventory depletion, deleveraging, reducing costs and shoring up weakness” has shown significant effects. (1) The Company adhered to the market- oriented and legal means to eliminate excess capacity to complete the task ahead of schedule. (2) De-leveraging was pushed forward steadily and the macro leverage ratio was stable. (3) The effect of inventory depletion was obvious. The area of commercial housing to be sold at the end of the year 2018 was significantly lower than that at the end of the previous year. (4) Cost reduction continued to be effective. The cost per RMB100 of income from main business of industrial enterprises above designated size continued to decline. The total amount of enterprises and individuals’ burden reduction nationwide exceeded RMB1.1 trillion as expected at the beginning of the year 2018, reaching RMB1.3 trillion. (5) More efforts were made to shore up weaknesses. Investments in ecological environment, agriculture and social sectors had accelerated. (6) The overall efficiency of enterprises increased. Fourth, the economic structure was adjusted and optimized, creating new development momentum. (1) The demand structure was adjusted and optimized, and the relationship between investment and consumption ratio changed reasonably. The internal structure of investment was optimized, facilitating the increasing growth of both private investment and manufacturing investment. (2) The industrial structure continued to escalate, and the service industry played a role as a “stabilizer”. (3) New industries, new products, new type of operations, and new models continued to grow. Strategic emerging manufacturing and strategic emerging services industries had maintained rapid growth. Fifth, the increasing efforts being put into the reform and opening up enhanced the vitality of development. (1) The reform of key areas was advanced in depth, and the reform of “simplifying procedures, decentralizing powers, enhancing supervision, and optimizing public services” achieved remarkable results. (2) The number of market players increased significantly. (3) The reform of the fiscal and taxation system was fully rolled out. Financial reforms, state-owned enterprise reforms, price reforms, and investment reforms have been steadily advanced. The system of property rights protection has been continuously improved, and the level of opening up has been continuously improved, attracting more foreign investment. Sixth, the income and consumption of residents have increased rapidly, and people’s life have continued to improve. Adhere to the protection and improvement of people’s livelihood along with the development, the achievement in reform and development will benefit the people more equally. After nearly 30 years of unremitting efforts, China’s futures market has established a series of investor protection systems, such as unified account opening, investor appropriateness, futures deposit security depository monitoring, risk supervision index system of futures company, protection fund for futures investor, etc., establishing a “five in one” coordination work mechanism and investor rights protection system with unique Chinese characteristics. China’s futures market has gradually evolved from disorder to maturity, and has gradually entered a stage of healthy and stable development, with increasing economic functions. At the same time, the international influence of China’s futures market has significantly increased, gradually becoming the world’s largest commodity futures trading market and the largest agricultural futures trading market. With the deepening of the structural reform of the supply side, the futures industry will be centered on serving the real economy. The development of the industry will pay more attention to quality improvement while expanding scale. It is currently at a critical stage of transformation and innovation. In review of the Chinese futures market in 2018, from the establishment of the crude oil futures at the beginning of the year to the listing of the ethylene glycol futures market at the end of the year, there were four new futures varieties launched in the futures market, of which three futures varieties were internationalized. The first industrial option i.e. the copper option was listed, and the stock index futures ushered in the third adjustment. The dozens of “insurance + futures” pilots were all completed. 2018 is definitely a year of “big harvest”. The first was the continuous construction of the futures market. Owing to the innovative and orderly development of futures varieties, risk management tools were further enriched. The second is the increasing overall strength of the futures industry. The exploration of innovative business such as asset management and risk management achieved initial results. The OTC derivatives business started smoothly, the business model of futures companies became more diversified, and the industry concentration was reasonably improved. The third is the accelerating progress of opening up of the futures market. Crude oil and iron ore futures were successfully introduced into the foreign investors market, and the international pricing influence of China’s futures market was gradually improved. The implementation of the “Measures for the Administration of Foreign-invested Futures Companies” further opened the futures industry to the outside world. The extent of internationalization of the futures market continued to deepen and played an active role in the process of expanding the opening up of the capital market. China’s futures market adhered to the development concept of striving for stability, kept to the development path of marketization, legalization and internationalization, and achieved gratifying results in actively serving for the supply-side structural reform. 2018 is the first year of the opening up of the futures market with a good start. On 26 March 2018, China’s first international futures, namely crude oil futures, was listed for trading, marking a milestone step. On 4 May 2018, the first listed iron ore futures were introduced into overseas traders, marking the end of the closed state of China’s listed futures and the commencement of the open era. On 30 November 2018, the introduction of PTA futures into overseas traders once again accelerated the pace of internationalization of China’s futures. In 2018, new domestic varieties continued to expand and entered the “50+ era”. The continuous listing of new varieties of futures options and the increasingly developed derivatives market system have further laid a solid foundation for serving the real economy, providing a more open and fair pricing market for related industries, providing risk management tools for related industry customers, and enriching relevant futures varieties in the industrial chain, and in turn, deriving more trading models. In 2018, the loosening of stock index futures was the first step in restoring normalized trading, and it was also preparing for accelerating the opening up of the financial futures market. On 3 December 2018, CICC announced that it would reduce the stock index futures margin and transaction fees. This has been the third adjustment since the stock index futures trading margin, handling fees, and the number of open positions were stringently tightened in 2015. In 2018, the “insurance + futures” pilot work has achieved remarkable results. “Insurance + Futures” is creating the era of “agriculture, rural areas and farmers” risk control. The insurance + futures business has gradually matured, involving major futures agricultural products futures varieties, and exploring more varieties and benefiting more farmers, which is contributing to agricultural development and the increase in farmers’ income. During the Reporting Period, according to the statistics published by CFA, the accumulated trading volume of China’s futures markets were approximately 3,028,865,311 lots with an accumulated turnover of approximately RMB210.818394 trillion calculated as one side of a trade, representing a decrease of 1.54% and an increase of 12.2% as compared with the same period of last year. Particularly, the SHFE achieved a trading volume of 1,175,388,670 lots with an accumulated turnover of RMB81,541.714 billion, representing decreases of 13.84% and 9.33%, respectively, as compared with the same period of last year and accounting for 38.81% and 38.68% of the China market. Shanghai International Energy Center achieved a trading volume of 26,509,423 lots with an accumulated turnover of RMB12,738.347 billion, accounting for 0.88% and 6.04% of the China market. ZCE achieved a trading volume of 817,829,796 lots with an accumulated turnover of RMB38,220.375 billion, representing increases of 39.55% and 78.88%, respectively, as compared with the same period of last year and accounting for 27% and 18.13% of the China market. The DCE achieved a trading volume of 981,927,369 lots with an accumulated turnover of RMB52,195.661 billion, representing a decrease of 10.84% and an increase of 0.36%, respectively, as compared with the same period of last year and accounting for 32.42% and 24.76% of the China market. The CFFE achieved a trading volume of 27,210,053 lots with an accumulated turnover of RMB26,122.297 billion, representing increases of 10.63% and 6.22%, respectively, as compared with the same period of last year and accounting for 0.9% and 12.39% of the China market. As of the end of the Reporting Period, there were 149 futures companies in China. In 2018, affected by the overall industry situation, China’s futures companies realized a net profit of RMB1.299 billion, representing a significant decrease of 83.65% as compared with RMB7.945 billion for the year 2017, mainly because a futures company made a one-off asset impairment loss of RMB5.06 billion in May 2018. Excluding this incident, the net profit for the year 2018 of the Company was RMB6.359 billion, representing a decrease of 19.96% from 2017. Amidst a complicated economic situation and a fiercely competitive market environment, the Company intensified its existing businesses and successfully overcame the challenges. By taking various measures, the Company consolidated its business advantages to compensate for business shortcomings and to strengthen its business synergies. Its vigorous consolidation of the traditional brokerage business helped to maintain a good momentum of development. Driven by innovation, development was focused on areas such as asset, risk and wealth management. Impetus in international development helped the Company to create new competitive advantages with an increased momentum. However, under the current financial environment, the overall investment and transaction scale of the financial derivatives market shrank, and the Company’s major business encountered bottlenecks under the new economy. As of 31 December 2018, our total assets amounted to RMB4,297 million, representing a year-on-year decrease of 26%. Net assets attributable to the Company were RMB1,772 million, representing a 1% increase over 2017. Our total operating income amounted to RMB311 million, or 8% less than in 2017. Net assets attributable to the Company were RMB880 million, representing a 13% decrease over the same period of last year. The Group is mainly engaged in futures brokerage, asset management, commodity trading and risk management, and financial asset investment (including securities, funds, wealth management products issued by banks and asset management plans). During the Reporting Period, there was no significant change in the nature of the Group’s principal business. The Company’s futures brokerage business includes the provision of brokerage services in respect to commodity and financial futures available at all futures exchanges in the PRC, and receiving handling fees from clients. As of 31 December 2018, the Company had 45 branches located in several municipalities, in Jiangsu Province, and in other economically developed cities in the PRC. In 2018, the Company’s daily average client balance (excluding stock options) amounted to RMB3,221 million, representing a decrease of 4.31% as compared with the daily average client balance of RMB3,366 million in 2017. The Group’s handling fees interest income generated from the futures brokerage business amounted RMB274 million, representing a decrease of 7% compared to RMB293 million for the same period in 2017. Turnover from brokerage (bilateral statistics, the same below) amounted to RMB3,003.605 billion. The Company’s market share was 0.71%. Turnover from commodity futures brokerage amounted to RMB2,823.133 billion. Turnover from financial futures brokerage amounted to RMB180.472 billion. The increase was attributable to the decrease of refundable deposits and handling free of the stock index sector of China Financial Futures Exchange. The Company’s trading volume was 52.7905 million lots. In 2018, the Company’s handling fee rate for futures transactions was 0.52 bps, representing a decrease of 16.7% compared to the 0.63 bps for the same period in In 2019, the Company will continue to optimise its business network structure, explore the pilot business department, integrate resources, improve key areas of service capacity, strengthen its marketing promotion, and expand customer coverage. As of 31 December 2018, the Company’s AUM amounted to RMB13,554 million, an increase of 801.2% compared to RMB1,504 million at the end of 2017. The asset management business achieved a handling fee income of approximately RMB6.00 million. There were 26 trading asset management accounts in aggregate. We have filed 12 new collective asset management schemes (industry average: under 5) and 2 individual products for directional products, which demonstrated our stable development. During the year 2018, the Company was rewarded the Best Asset Management Business Award, and Holly Xingyuan No. 1 Asset Management Scheme was awarded the “Junding Prize for Excellent Futures Asset Management Product in China in 2018” (2018 The Company further optimised its asset management centre and established an improved big asset management system which integrates product design, investment transaction, risk control and operational management. In the context of stringent industry supervision, the Company actively adapted to the new rules of capital management and sought new development opportunities. First, it has made new breakthroughs in cooperation with large financial institutions. It cooperated with large state-owned banks to issue an individual fixed asset management plan and collection mixed asset management plan. It successfully issued a mixed-use asset management plan with a scale of RMB45 million. The FOF products cooperated with securities companies were promoted in an orderly manner. Second, it has increased investment in fixed-income products, including asset-backed securities, to prepare for further enriching the asset management customer base of the Company. Third, it has innovatively designed the “fixed income +” active management product model, and launched the related products to enhance the active management capabilities and expand the asset scale of active management. In 2018, the commodity trading and risk management business entered a new stage. In accordance with the development direction of “Commodity Supply Chain Integration Service Provider”, Holly Capital has formed the business characteristics of energy and black variation basis trading business, and made new achievements in futures market making business, becoming one of the first batch of business traders of Dalian Commodity Exchange. As of the end of 2018, Holly Capital had total assets of RMB284 million, net assets of RMB247 million, had achieved sales revenue of RMB322 million for the year, representing a 85.25% year-on-year increase and was awarded the title of “Excellent Risk Management Subsidiary” by Dalian Commodity Exchange. By implementation of the development concept of “combination of trade and finance”, Holly Capital signed strategic cooperation agreements with large institutions and a number of spot leading enterprises. At the same time, we will further improve the risk control system and continuously promote the construction of internal control system. Options are mature underlying risk management tools in the international derivatives market. In the case of changes in market supervision policies, the Company’s options business has risen against the trend with many bright highlights. The number of stock options business customers, market share and trading volume were among the highest in the industry. The OTC option business developed rapidly with 146 newly increased corporate clients. The notional principal amount of new transactions was RMB1.4 billion, representing a year-on-year increase of 6 times, and turnover of premiums reached RMB26 million. The independent research and development strength has gradually improved, and the annualized rate of return on stock option accounts has reached 9%. We steadily expanded the “Insurance + Futures” business pilot project, and carried out “insurance + futures” projects in Zhenlai County, Jilin Province, Guannan County of Lianyungang, Tongshan District of Xuzhou City, Hai’an County of Nantong City, Jiangning District of Nanjing City, etc., for 60,000 tons of corn. 9,200 tons of soybeans and 840 tons of eggs to provide risk management services. Among them, as to the 8,000-ton soybean income insurance project carried out in Zhenlai County, Jilin Province, farmers received a compensation of RMB1.17 million. During the year 2018, the corn price index “Insurance + Futures” poverty alleviation project won the second prize of Nanjing Financial Innovation. With an aim of optimising its capital operation, the Company invested in a variety of financial assets including securities, wealth management products issued by banks, trusts, funds and asset management plans so as to make effective capital allocation, facilitate the development of principal business and improve profitability while putting risks under control. As of the end of December 2018, the Group achieved gains of RMB2.30 million from financial assets investment business, representing a decrease of 82% as compared to RMB12.7 million for the same period in 2017, which was mainly due to the stock market continued to decline, the market valuation continued to be bottomed out. During the Reporting Period, the Company seized the opportunities of the industry innovation and development and gradually enhanced its comprehensive strength. The Group achieved total operating income of RMB311 million with a year-on-year decrease of 8%. The net profit attributable to Shareholders of the Company amounted to RMB88 million with a year-on-year decrease of 13%. The earnings per share amounted to RMB0.0975 and the weighted average return on net assets was 5.01% with a year-on-year decrease of 0.85 percentage point. As at the end of 2018, the total assets of the Group amounted to RMB4,297 million, representing a year-on- year decrease of 26% as compared with RMB5,829 million at the end of 2017; the total liabilities amounted to RMB2,525 million, representing a year-on-year decrease of 38% as compared with RMB4,071 million at the end of 2017; and the net assets attributable to the shares of the Company increased by 1% as compared with RMB1,758 million at the end of 2017 to RMB1,771 million at the end of 2018. The asset structure remained stable while the quality and liquidity of assets were well maintained. At the end of 2018, the Group’s total assets recorded a year-on-year decline, mainly due to the decrease of customers’ equity and drop in the number of consolidated asset management plans. As at the end of 2018, the total assets of the Group consisted of: current assets of RMB4,192 million, accounting for 97.56% of the total assets and mainly include cash held on behalf of clients of RMB1,543 million (accounting for 35.92%), retentions deposited into exchange clearing house of RMB1,113 million (accounting for 25.9%), cash and bank deposits of RMB941 million (accounting for 21.89%), assets for financial investment of RMB560 million (accounting for 13.03%), receivables of RMB25 million (accounting for 0.58%), and other assets of RMB10 million (accounting for 0.23%). There was no indicator for material impairment of the assets of the Company in 2018. As at the end of 2018, the liabilities deducting accounts payable to brokerage clients amounted to RMB60 million, representing a decrease of 88.15% as compared with RMB504 million at the end of 2017. The decrease was mainly attributable to the decrease in the number of consolidated asset management plans. The gearing ratio of the Group was 3%, representing a decrease of 19 percentage points as compared to 22% at the end of 2017 (Note: Gearing ratio = (Total liabilities – Accounts payable to brokerage clients)/(Total assets – Accounts payable to brokerage clients)). The operating leverage was 1.03 times, representing a decrease of 19.67% as compared with 1.29 times at the end of 2017 (Note: Operating leverage = (Total assets – Accounts payable to brokerage clients)/ Equity attributable to the Shareholders of the Company). The Company places great emphasis on liquidity management based on the principle of “comprehensive, prudent and predictability” while focusing on the organic combination of the security, liquidity and profitability of capital. The liquidity monitoring index of the Company in each month throughout 2018 complied with the regulatory requirements of the CSRC. The net increase in cash and cash equivalents amounted to RMB340 million in 2018. Net cash generated from operating activities of the Group amounted to RMB651 million in 2018, representing a year-on-year increase of RMB570 million as compared with RMB81 million for 2017; net cash used in investing activities amounted to RMB-232 million in 2018, representing a year-on-year decrease of RMB169 million as compared with RMB-63 million used in 2017; net cash generated from financing activities amounted to RMB-78 million in 2018, representing a year-on-year decrease of RMB22 million as compared with RMB-56 million used in 2017; net increase in cash and cash equivalents amounted to RMB340 million in 2018, representing a year-on-year increase of RMB378 million as compared with RMB-38 million for 2017. In 2018, the Group’s profit before income tax amounted to RMB113.521 million, representing a year-on-year decrease of RMB16.027 million or 12%. The key financial results are as follows: Change in 2018 as compared to 2017 In RMB’000 Share of other comprehensive income of the investee accounted for using the equity method that will be reclassified In 2018, the Group achieved revenue of RMB310.966 million, representing a year-on-year decrease of RMB25.301 million or 7.25%. For 2018 and 2017, the Group’s proportion of fee income were 58.7% and 58.86% respectively while the proportion of interest income were 41.3% and 41.14%, respectively. Breakdown is set out in the following table: Change in 2018 as compared to 2017 In RMB’000 The Group achieved fee income of RMB182,527 million, representing a year-on-year decrease of RMB15.383 million or 7.77%. Breakdown is set out in the following table: Change in 2018 as compared to 2017 In RMB’000 The income from futures business amounted to RMB175.289 million, representing a year-on-year decrease of RMB19.815 million or 10.16%, which mainly comprised fee income from commodity futures, financial futures and overseas futures brokerage business, as well as refunds of handling fees from the exchanges. Fee income from commodity futures amounted to RMB69.607 million, representing a year-on-year decrease of RMB20.220 million; and fee income from financial futures amounted to RMB1.352 million, representing a year-on-year increase of RMB0.544 million; the income from overseas futures business amounted to RMB5.964 million, representing a year-on- year decrease of RMB1.117 million, which was mainly due to the fact that fee income from Holly Su Futures declined; refunds of handling fees amounted to RMB98.366 million, representing a year-on- year increase of RMB0.978 million, which was main attributable to the fact that the stock exchange increased its efforts in the refund of handling fees. The income from asset management business amounted to RMB5.969 million, representing a year-on-year increase of RMB3.745 million or 168.39%. Income from asset management business mainly consisted of management fees and performance-based commissions. Management fees are accrued based on the net value of asset management plans, while performance-based commissions are accrued based on the operational efficiency of asset management plans. As of 31 December 2018, the net value of asset management plans amounted to RMB13,554 million, representing a year-on-year growth of 801.2% as compared to RMB1,504 million on 31 December 2017. Number of asset management plans decreased from 43 in 2017 to 26 in 2018. Income from option brokerage business amounted to RMB1.269 million, representing a year-on- year increase of RMB0.687 million or 118.04%, which was mainly due to the increase of options business, investment consulting and agency fund income. Such businesses are new business of the Group in recent years and currently account for a relatively small proportion of fee income. Interest income of the Group amounted to RMB128.439 million, representing a year-on-year decrease of RMB9.918 million or 7.17%. Breakdown is set out in the following table: Change in 2018 as compared to 2017 In RMB’000 Interest income is mainly attributable to: ① the interest income derived from the demand and time deposits of the Company’s own funds and client deposits placed in financial institutions; ② Unlisted bonds and interest income derived from reverse repurchase agreements. The interest income decreased mainly because: the interest income derived from the time deposits decreased by RMB5.755 million or 5.03% as compared to 2017. Interest income derived from asset management plans and trust schemes decreased by RMB5.763 million or 100% as compared to 2017. In 2018, the Group achieved net investment gains of RMB-35.517 million, representing a year-on-year decrease of RMB45.537 million or 454%, which was mainly attributable to the decrease in proceeds from disposal of financial assets and decrease in the market value of the financial assets held. Breakdown is set out in the following table: Change in 2018 as compared to 2017 In RMB’000 Investment gains of the Group amounted to RMB-21.222 million, representing a year-on-year decrease of RMB22.150 million or 2,387%. Breakdown is set out in the following table: Change in 2018 as compared to 2017 In RMB’000 Disposal of financial assets at fair value Disposal of financial assets designated at Disposal of financial liabilities at fair value Change in 2018 as compared to 2017 In RMB’000 In 2018, the investment gains of the Group were mainly generated from the proceeds from disposal of financial assets and futures and other risk management business. The increase of investment gains was relatively higher as compared to 2017, of which proceeds from disposal of financial assets and futures and other risk management business both decreased. Proceeds from disposal of financial assets and futures and other risk management business decreased RMB15.701 million and RMB6.449 million respectively. Proceeds from disposal of financial assets mainly comprised of proceeds from disposal of securities, funds, wealth management products, asset management plans and bonds. In 2018, the proceeds from disposal of financial assets decreased year on year by RMB15.701 million or 519%, mainly due to the decrease in gain generated from stock trading due to the downturn in securities market during the year as compared to the same period of last year. In 2018, gain or loss on fair value changes of the Group amounted to RMB-29.270 million, representing a year-on-year decrease of RMB28.685 million or 4,903%. Breakdown is set out in the following table: Change in 2018 as compared to 2017 In RMB’000 In 2018, dividends from securities and funds of the Group amounted to RMB14.975 million, representing a year-on-year increase of RMB5.298 million, which was mainly contributed by the dividend income generated from the funds held by the Group since 2018. In 2018, the Group achieved other net operating income of RMB22.868 million, representing a year-on-year increase of RMB16.401 million or 254%, mainly due to the further expansion of the operating scale of Holly Capital’s variation basis trading business and risk management consulting business. Change in 2018 as compared to 2017 In RMB’000 In 2018, the Group recorded other income of RMB8.016 million, representing a year-on-year increase of RMB8.754 million or 1,187%, which was mainly attributable to the increase in foreign exchange losses. Breakdown is set out in the following table: Change in 2018 as compared to 2017 In RMB’000 The government grants of the Group amounted to RMB2.628 million with a year-on-year increase of RMB0.413 million or 19%. Government grants mainly comprised of: (i) the development support fund of RMB0.9 million of Pudong New District, Shanghai received by the Shanghai Branch in April 2018; (ii) the employment subsidies of RMB164,000 from the Nanjing Social Insurance Management Center received by Holly Futures in July 2018; (iii) the provincial-level special fund for modern service industry development RMB1 million received by Holly Futures in December 2018; (iv) the key industry development support fund of approximately RMB64,000 from Financial Services Bureau of Zhengzhou New District Management Committee by Holly Futures in December 2018; (v) the Nanjing Financial Innovation Prize of RMB0.5 million in 2018. The subsidies from China Financial Futures Exchange of the Group amounted to RMB1.252 million with a year-on-year decrease of RMB0.497 million or 28%, which mainly comprised of certain amount of subsidies from China Financial Futures Exchange to futures companies every year for encouraging them to conduct activities, including conference fees, activities fees and research issue fees. In 2018, foreign exchange gains and losses of the Group amounted to RMB3.436 million, which was mainly attributable to the listing of the Company in end of 2015. As at 31 December 2018, the unutilized proceeds totally amounted to HKD101.21 million. As, exchange rates of Hong Kong dollar against Renminbi climbed from 0.8359 on 31 December 2017 to 0.8762 on 31 December 2018, gains of RMB3.436 million were incurred. In 2018, the Group did not use financial instruments to hedge our exposure to exchange rate fluctuations. The operating and management expenses of the Group amounted to RMB198.442 million in 2018, representing a year-on-year decrease of RMB22.361 million or 10%. Breakdown is set out in the following table: Change in 2018 as compared to 2017 In RMB’000 Staff costs mainly comprised of salaries, bonuses and allowances, pension and other social welfare such as “5 insurances and 1 pension”. In 2018, the staff costs of the Group amounted to RMB129.429 million with a year-on-year decrease of RMB7.868 million or 6%, which was mainly due to the downward adjustment in employee bonus, which was awarded based on the overall results of the Group, so the total staff costs in general fell as compared to 2017. Office expenses mainly comprised of office supplies fees, information fees, promotion and business development expenses, postal and communication expenses, business travel expenses and operation and maintenance costs for electronic equipment. In 2018, the office expenses of the Group amounted to RMB24.014 million with a year-on-year decrease of RMB4.950 million or 17%. Lease charges mainly comprised of housing rental, vehicle rental and equipment rental, among which, lease charges for housing accounted for 99% of lease charges. In 2018, the lease charges of the Group amounted to RMB20.437 million with a year-on-year decrease of RMB0.633 million or 3%, which was mainly due to the reduction of housing area, resulting in the decrease in leasing charges. In 2018, the taxes and surcharges of the Group amounted to RMB1.199 million with a year-on-year increase of RMB225,000 or 23%, which was mainly because our sales revenue and actual payment of value-added tax increased as compared with last year as a result of the continuous expansion of the operating scale of our subsidiary, Holly Capital’s variation basis trading business. In 2018, the share of gains of investment in associates of the Group amounted to RMB5.630 million with a year-on- year increase of RMB7.295 million or 438%, which was mainly attributable to the increase in the net gains of the associates invested by the Group. As at 31 December 2018, the total assets of the Group decreased year on year by RMB1,532 million or 26% to RMB4,297 million, including cash assets amounting to RMB3,597 million with a year-on-year decrease of 22%, financial investment assets amounting to RMB576 million with a year-on-year decrease of 43%, and other operating assets such as property and equipment amounting to RMB124 million with a year-on-year decrease of 37%. The change in the total amount of principal assets of the Group is set out as follows: As at 31 December As at 31 2018 as compared to 31 December 2017 In RMB’000 Financial investment assets The composition of the total assets of the Group: as at 31 December 2018 Other operating assets such as as at 31 December 2017 Other operating assets such as As at 31 December 2018, the cash assets of the Group amounted to RMB3,597 million, accounting for 83.71% of the total assets of the Group, with a year-on-year decrease of RMB1,022 million or 22%. The composition of the cash assets of the Group is set out as follows: As at 31 As at 31 2018 as compared to 31 December 2017 In RMB’000 The change in cash assets was mainly reflected in the retentions deposited into exchange clearing house and cash held on behalf of clients, which mainly comprised of RMB1,112 million of currency deposits receivable and RMB1 million of pledged deposits receivable, amounted to RMB1,113 million all together, accounting for 25.90% of the total assets of the Group, representing a decrease of RMB303 million or 21% as compared to 2017. Cash held on behalf of clients of RMB1,543 million (accounting for 35.92% of total assets of the Group), representing a decrease of RMB747 million or 33% as compared with 2017. As at 31 December 2018, the financial investment assets of the Group amounted to RMB576 million, accounting for 13.40% of the total assets of the Group, with a year-on-year decrease of RMB437 million or 43%. The composition of the financial investment assets of the Group is set out as follows: As at 31 As at 31 Change as at 31 December 2018 as compared to 31 December 2017 In RMB’000 As at 31 December 2018, the other operating assets such as property and equipment of the Group amounted to RMB124 million, accounting for 2.88% of the total assets of the Group, and representing a year-on-year decrease of RMB70 million or 37%. The composition of other operating assets such as property and equipment of the Group is set out in the table below: As at 31 As at 31 Change as at 31 December 2018 as compared to 31 December 2017 In RMB’000 As at 31 December 2018, the total liabilities of the Group decreased year on year by RMB1,546 million or 38% to RMB2,525 million, in which accounts payable to brokerage clients amounted to RMB2,465 million with a year-on- year decrease of 31%, which was mainly attributable to the decrease in the deposits contributed by clients and loss in customer transactions. The change in the total amount of principal liabilities of the Group is set out as follows: As at 31 As at 31 Change as at 31 December 2018 as compared to 31 December 2017 In RMB’000 The composition of the total liabilities of the Group: as at 31 December 2018 as at 31 December 2017 As at 31 December 2018, the accounts payable to brokerage clients of the Group amounted to RMB2,465 million, accounting for 97.62% of the total liabilities of the Group, with a year-on-year decrease of RMB1,101 million or 31%, which was mainly attributable to the decrease in the deposits contributed by clients and loss margin. Of which, currency deposits payable and pledged deposits payable amounted to RMB2,465 million and RMB1 million respectively. The composition of the accounts payable to brokerage clients of the Group is set out as follows: As at 31 As at 31 Change as at 31 December 2018 as compared to 31 December 2017 In RMB’000 As at 31 December 2018, the other operating liabilities of the Group amounted to RMB60 million, accounting for 2% of the total liabilities of the Group, with a year-on-year decrease of RMB445 million or 88%. The composition of the other operating liabilities of the Group is set out as follows: As at 31 As at 31 Change as at 31 December 2018 as compared to 31 December 2017 In RMB’000 Financial liabilities and derivative financial liabilities The change in the other operating liabilities was mainly reflected in the financial liabilities and derivative financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss, representing a year-on-year decrease of RMB423 million or 99.52%, which were mainly attributable to the assets plans included in the consolidated statements. As at 31 December 2018, the total equity of the Group amounted to RMB1,772 million, representing a year-on-year increase of RMB14 million or 1%. The composition of the equity of the Group as of the dates indicated is set out as follows: As at 31 As at 31 Change as at 31 December 2018 as compared to 31 December 2017 In RMB’000 As at 31 December 2018, the Group had no asset pledge and contingent liabilities. IV. Changes in branches and subsidiaries and impact on During the Reporting Period, the Company established the Haimen Branch and closed its Kunshan Branch. The Company constantly adjusted and optimized its branch network. During the Reporting Period, 3 branches, namely the branches at Lianyungang, Nanning and Suzhou were relocated. Nil. On 28 August 2018, Holly Su Asset was licensed under the SFO and was approved to carry on Type 4 (advising on securities) and Type 9 (asset management) regulated activities. On 25 October 2018, Holly Su Asset established Holly International Fund Series SPC ( SPC) in Cayman Islands with a registered capital of USD50,000. Impact on results Currently, fund investment business of Holly Su Asset has not been carried out, thus it shall not have significant influence on our results for the year ended 31 December 2018. After Holly Su Asset acquired relevant new licenses, it would start its business subsequently. Nil. Nil. The Company completed one equity investments throughout the Reporting Period. On 20 August 2018, the Company injected capital of RMB3 million into Holly Zijin. VI. Disposal, acquisition, substitution and spin-off of material assets of the Company, and reorganization of For the year ended 31 December 2018, the Company has no material acquisition or disposal of subsidiaries, associates and joint ventures. VII. Business innovation, its impact, and controlling risk The Company has set business innovation as a key to strategic development. It continued to research and explore means of business innovation during the Reporting Period. In 2018, crude oil futures were successfully listed, iron ore and PTA successfully introduced foreign investors, and Management Methods for Foreign-invested Futures was officially promulgated. All these evidenced the accelerated opening-up pace of the China’s futures market. The Company attaches great importance to international business, and successfully opened two overseas iron ore enterprises on the first day of the iron ore internationalization of DCE, and completed overseas institutional transactions. The first “China Iron Ore Futures Internationalization Salon” was successfully held in Hong Kong. Under the background of the continuous tightening of foreign exchange control, Holly Su Futures has embarked on the development of “diversification”, namely by providing the license application service for asset management and securities investment advisory business, and establishing the first Holly International Fund in the Cayman Islands, In addition, securities margin business by expanding the scope of investors and other businesses received the approval from SFC. Holly Capital endeavoured to pursue the development path of “bulk commodity supply chain integration service provider”, to form the operating characteristics mainly on energy and black basis trade business, to accomplish new achievements in market-making business and to become the first batch of commodity swap business traders in DCE. By the end of 2018, the total asset of Holly Capital was RMB284 million, the net asset was RMB247 million, the sales revenue achieved was RMB339 million with year-on-year growth of 85%, meanwhile, Holly Capital was awarded the title of “Excellent risk management subsidiary” by DCE. Holly Capital attached great importance to the implementation of the development concept for “Combination of trade and financing”, and signed the strategic cooperation agreements with large-scale organizations and several spot leading enterprises. Meanwhile, Holly Capital further implemented the risk control, and constantly promoted the construction of internal control system. Option is a mature basic risk management instrument in the international derivatives market. Under the change of market regulation policy, the Company’s option business rose against the tendency, and the bright spots appeared. The Company’s number of customers, market share and turnover of stock option business are in the forefront of the industry. The over-the-counter option business developed rapidly, with 146 new corporate clients, RMB1,400 million of the new notional principal of the transaction with year-on-year growth of over 6 times, and RMB26 million of the equity transaction amount. The over-the-counter option project of 39,000 tons coke was approved by the exchange at the first time. In 2018, the independent R&D strength gradually increased, and the annualized return of stock option account reached 9%. Throughout the year 2018, the Company steadily expanded the business pilots of “insurance + futures”, and implemented projects in Zhenlai County of Jilin Province, Guannan County of Lianyungang City, Tongshan District of Xuzhou City, Haian County of Nantong City, Jiangning District of Nanjing City, and other places, to provide the risk management service for corn of 60,000 tons, soybean of 9,200 tons, and egg of 840 tons. Among them, for the project of 8,000 tons soybean income insurance implemented in Zhenlai County, Jilin Province, farmers were compensated RMB1.17 million. During the year 2018, the poverty alleviation project of corn price index “insurance + futures” was awarded the Second Prize for Financial Innovation in Nanjing. In 2018, the Company actively looked for high-quality cooperation units, launched products for 11 fund companies, and sold up to 567 fund product on a commission basis the Company prepared well for sales training and market promotion of fund products, and preliminarily formed a training system for “Sales-operation-research”. The Company mainly promoted bond funds, money funds, index funds and other categories of funds, and reached fund sales of nearly RMB100 million during the year 2018. With provding full-service privately offered fund as the core to develop wealth management business, the Company established equity-like assets management company about equity – Jiangsu Holly Zijin Investment Management Co., Ltd. The Company focuses on risk prevention and control, and strives to improve its regulations system and risk control system. We make great effort on strengthening the management at source, which effectively enhances our level of modern enterprise management. Prior to the commencement of new business, the Company will formulate a self-contained complementary system and the relevant terms for contracts according to the standards of business operation. At the same time, it recruits suitable talents with reference to the nature of the business and enhances staff training. The Company strengthened ongoing monitoring to facilitate risk control. Monitoring of risk control was maintained on a real-time basis. The Company also established “Chinese walls” to control business risk. The Company maintains a combined system of self-inspection and accountability. A dedicated risk inspection team is responsible for rationalising and inspecting innovative business. The team formulates solutions for each identified issue and supervises rectification, thereby effectively minimises risk. In 2019, the market trend became more and more obvious, creating favorable conditions for futures companies on transformation deepening, compliance management and competitiveness enhancing. First, the introduction of new contracts will be accelerated. In early January 2019, three exchange-traded option products in each exchange were launched at the same time, and a number of new products in each exchange completed the preparation for listing; second, financial futures are expected to reinvigorate. Stock index futures, treasury bond futures and other varieties are expected to be closer to the market and institutional investors’ demands in terms of the revision of trading rules, so as to attract more institutional investors to use financial derivative instruments to enrich their portfolios and prevent systemic risks; third, the function of risk management subsidiary is more prominent. With the trend of the combination of industry and finance in the futures industry, and the increasing demand for personalized risk management in real enterprises, the role of risk management subsidiary of futures company is further enhanced, and the business of subsidiary will become an important driving force for the growth of business of futures company; fourth, the pace of opening to the outside world is accelerated. International varieties are constantly launched; foreign-invested background futures companies deepen their participation; the number and type of overseas investors increased; exchanges at home and abroad are closely linked; fifth, the focus of regulation is clearer. The regulatory authorities encourages futures companies to serve the real economy, which makes the orientation of service institutional investors clearer; on this basis, the requirements for futures companies on customer appropriateness, anti-money laundering and other aspects are more stringent; in the process of trading, the supervision for actual control relationship of trading subjects, market manipulation and other behaviors is more effective. In the new year, the Company will adhere to the concept of promoting development through reform, and focus on improving the contribution rate of innovation business profit by gathering elements to create synergy. From the perspective of revenue, the Company’s innovative business segment has a low profit contribution rate and is highly dependent on traditional brokerage business. Among them, the two subsidiaries of Holly Capital and Holly Su Futures should explore the profit contribution points in depth, and make contributions to the improvement of the company’s profit; under the guidance of the most stringent new asset management rules, it is necessary to further improve the ability of active management and increase the profit contribution rate under the premise of compliance development; owing to the weak customer base of OTC option legal person, the abilities of product design and trading need to be strengthened, and the pace of transformation and upgrading needs to be further accelerated; the wealth management business should effectively improve economic efficiency. Facing the new development situation, the Company will take deepening reform and transformation and upgrading as the main line, and make efforts to “good” operating efficiency; emphasize on improving the return on net assets level of subsidiaries by researching scientifically and identifying competitive advantages. First, the Company will strengthen the Holly Su Futures (Hong Kong) Co., Ltd., optimize the organization structure of Holly Su Futures, apply for more business licenses, complete direct connection to Singapore Exchange and open overseas options business. Under the general environment of foreign exchange policy control, the Company will innovate the brokerage business expansion model and try to introduce brokerage talents who are familiar with the Hong Kong futures market to develop futures customers in the Hong Kong market and other overseas market. Further, the Company will speed up the expansion of innovative business, increase the proportion of the income of securities and asset management licenses to its total income, and achieve double breakthroughs in the scale of securities margin business and the scale of reserve funds for issuance. The Company will strengthen team construction and management to give full play to the biggest advantages and roles of existing licensees and team members. At the same time, give full play to the advantages of Holly Su Futures overseas platform, take the opportunity of crude oil futures listing and iron ore internationalization, actively develop overseas customers and do a good job in market cultivation. Second, the Company will optimize Holly Capital Management Co., Ltd. by developing the core businesses such as basis trade and derivative centrally, introducing a new business management team, exploring the business model of “trade, finance, logistics” and striving for higher growth in profits. The Company will actively carry out the standard warehouse receipt trading business of related varieties to strive to become the main business model of Holly Capital by taking the opportunity of enabling of integrated business platform of Zhengzhou Commodity Exchange and standard warehouse receipt trading platform of DCE; complete the establishment of Holly Capital Shanghai Branch; explore the market making business of risk management and apply for the qualification of futures and options market making business of exchange. Third, the Company will refine its business units and explore the construction of multi-level network system of “headquarters-branch-business department”. At the same time, the Company will combine the professional and regional advantages of each business unit, give play to the synergistic effect of “brokerage business +” mode, and realize the parallel of comprehensive development and dedicated development. The Company will maintain steady development of the asset management business. According to the latest development trend of asset management, the Company will further improve the asset management business from the aspects of system, process and team, lay a solid foundation for the sustainable development of asset management business, and strive to achieve the growth rate of the number of asset management products and business scale not lower than the average level of the industry. Relying on the existing development advantages, the Company will formulate the Company’s private placement white list system, focusing on strengthening cooperation with private placement institutions. The Company will enrich the design model of asset management products, increase the development and design of low-risk and fixed-income product lines, realize the simplification of asset management products, and copy simple products to strive to improve customer experience and return on customer assets, and self-management ability. At the same time, the Company will further strengthen project review and evaluation, post-investment management, and strictly guard against project risks under the guidance of the new regulations on asset management. The Company will seek development breakthrough for risk management business; actively expand the option brokerage business, and strive to achieve the leading position of option business in the industry; vigorously promote the development of OTC option business and establish a stable customer group for OTC business; constantly expand the business service field of “insurance + futures” and explore the pilot projects of “contract farming + insurance + futures (options)” and “OTC + option”, so as to play a positive role in the futures market for China’s three rural issues and poverty alleviation; accelerate the training of the transaction team and further enhance the ability of option strategy research and development. The Company will actively look for high-quality partners in wealth management business to represent more high-quality public funds, private funds and other financial products to strive to build a brand effect of “financial supermarket”; speed up the establishment of public fund management company and apply for public fund licenses to strengthen our wealth management business. VIII. Risk factors and uncertainties faced by the Company The risks entailed by the Company’s business activities include those inherent to management and risks of internal control, professional conduct, markets, credit and investment. In 2018, the Company put into place measures to effectively deal with these risks and safeguards the efficiency of its business activities. The Company relies on consistent application of management and internal control systems by relevant personnel to manage risks. The said systems are used to identify, monitor and control a wide range of risks, including those pertaining to the market, operations, credit and compliance. Some risk management methods used are based on internally established control systems, observation and summary of past market behaviours, and standard industry practices. These may not predict future risk exposure or identify unexpected or unforeseen risks occurring in the process of business innovation and diversification development of the Company. Other risk management methods rely on the assessment and analysis of information associated with market and operating conditions, but their assessment and analysis may not be accurate. Taking factors such as changes in market conditions and regulatory policies into consideration, if the Company cannot make timely adjustments and improvements to its risk management and internal control policies and procedures in light of future futures market development and business expansion, its business, financial condition and operating performance may be materially and adversely affected. The Company’s risk management approach also relies on the control and supervision of the executive staff. As errors and mistakes may occur in actual operation, despite that the Company can identify potential risks, its assessment of the risks involved and the corresponding measures to deal with them may not be fully effective. Due to the Company’s large number of branches, it cannot guarantee that every employee will comply fully with its risk management and internal control policies. The Company’s risk management and internal control policies do not necessarily protect the Company from all risks, and in certain circumstance, this could potentially have a material adverse impact on the business, financial condition and operating results of the Company. Professional conduct risk refers to any legal sanctions, prosecutions, litigation claims, penalties, financial loss as well as damage to the reputation of the Company as a result of the failure to comply with the rules and regulations, the requirements of supervisory authorities or agencies, the self-discipline code of conduct, or any guidelines concerning the futures brokerage business of the Company. The major professional conduct risk concerns (i) the employees of the Company and (ii) Introducing Brokers. The professional conduct risk posed by employees includes managing customers’ assets, opening accounts and trading on behalf of customers without their consent or authorization. The risk largely stems from the low integrity level of individual staff members who cannot resist the temptation of the market, resulting in those staff members managing customers’ finance in violation of rules and regulations, or opening accounts on their own accord to trade. Currently, the Company is screening and shielding the trading terminals of the personnel’s computers through technical measures to prevent staff members from accepting customers’ instructions in the business premises to manage their assets on their behalf improperly and from opening accounts on their own accord to trade. Against the professional conduct risk posed by staff members, the Company has begun the strengthening of the internal system and established the mechanism of accountability. Through joint problem shooting by related departments, the risk of staff members opening accounts to trade will be eliminated at source and at the same time, through strengthening the training and education of staff members, their professional conduct awareness will become stronger, which will avoid the occurrence of such risk. In relation to Introducing Brokers, the Company’s professional conduct risk comes from: (i) Introducing Brokers concealing their identity of Introducing Brokers and representing to related customers that they are the employees of the Company and do something in violation of the rules and regulations and (ii) Introducing Brokers infringing customers’ interests, accepting instructions from customers privately to manage their finance and engaging in futures trading without customers’ consent in order to earn more commission from futures trading. In respect of the introductory brokerage business, the Company has strictly monitored the account opening procedures, strengthened the management of futures brokerage contracts, and investors will be informed of their rights and interests through re-visits and their signed confirmation of the Company’s bills. At the same time, the risk posed by the intermediary business will be avoided through the continuous strengthening of the management and risk education of the intermediaries and the strict enforcement of related rules and regulations and the intermediary management system. Market risk refers to the possibility of loss or decrease in income resulting from keen competition in the investment industry or change in the market such as changes in interest rates or economic cycle. Firstly, owing to centralized dealings and continuous price fluctuations, it is possible for price fluctuations that build up over a long period to occur in the futures market in a very short period of time. Secondly, the margin system makes futures a highly leveraged financial derivative product. Thirdly, the futures market allows speculators to enter, thus increasing further uncertainty and risk in the market. Since there are a large number of futures companies, the price war of handling charges has become fierce year after year for traditional brokerage business whose development prospect is not optimistic. Meanwhile, investors enter the futures market without adequate investment experience and skills nor good risk control capability but simply emphasize speculative trading and neglect risk control, or have to be forced to terminate trading as a result of their own factors being influenced by the economic environment. The combined effect of various factors has resulted in futures companies facing the material risk of customers incurring losses in trading. To address this kind of risk, the risk control department of the Company, through close tracking of the market trend, has monitored market fluctuations, reasonably adjusted investors’ margin standards, strengthened the monitoring of risk indicators such as the change to position holding and the level of margin, adopted actions to liquidate the customers’ position through raising the amount of margin timely and regulated investors’ trading behavior according to relevant rules and regulations. The Company has also exerted greater force on monitoring the daily trading, especially the unusual trading behavior of less favored commodities and contracts, discovered, reported and dealt with straddling buy and sell positions in time and strengthened the education of customers to remind investors to take risk management well so as to prevent the inherent risks to them as a result of their failure to understand the related rules and weak risk prevention consciousness. When futures brokerage companies engage in futures trading on behalf of their customers, they would incur losses if their customers are unable or refuse to fulfill their contractual obligations. There are two kinds of credit risk from customers. The first one is the inability of corporate customers to fulfill their contractual obligations due to change of legal persons, change in ownership, poor business performance and other force majeure events. The second kind of credit risk comes from the turbulence in the futures market, resulting in great price fluctuations and also in some customers not being able to fulfill their contractual obligations. In order to control credit risk, the Company will control the account opening process strictly. The Company will assess the identity and creditworthiness of each new customer, and the adequacy of the funds that they will be using in the futures trading. The Company will also conduct necessary training and examinations to ensure that the customers understand the risks involved in futures trading adequately and will provide them with training on transaction skills so as to reduce the likelihood of a massive loss. Investment risk refers to the risk of loss or decrease in the investment income of the Company resulting from the investment on developing the business of the Company. Specifically, it refers to the following risks: Investment target risk: It refers to the uncertainties in the growth and development of the investment target, including but not limited to technical risk, operation risk and financial risk; Investment analysis risk: It refers to the risk of loss resulting from incorrect or incomplete due diligence conducted in an investment project; Investment decision-making risk: It refers to the risk of loss resulting from an imperfect decision-making process and bias before any decision-making; Project management risk: It refers to the risk resulting from insufficient supervision or improper management after investment and failure to discover and exercise control of the problems in an investment project in a Project exit risk: It refers to the risk resulting from exit from an investment project with losses or inability to exit from an investment project. The Company will formulate comprehensive procedures for approval and supervision of investment projects through authorities such as the asset management business investment decision committee, general manager office, Board, general meetings, in order to minimize investment risk. The Company will take reasonable steps in carrying out investment and enter into comprehensive investment agreements to protect the legal rights of the Company. IX. Constructing the risk management system of the The objective of risk management of the Company is to implement a comprehensive risk management system to ensure the business operation complies with the relevant rules and regulations, and limit the risk related to the business operation to a tolerable level, thereby maximizing the corporate value of the Company. The CSRC has rated the Company the “Class A of the A Category” for the past nine consecutive years since 2009 when the rating of futures companies was first introduced. The Company values the importance of the risk management system, which is established to achieve the following business goal: Preventing operation, compliance, market and credit risks; Ensuring the safety and integrity of the assets of the Company’ customers and the Company’s own assets; Ensuring the reliability, completeness and timeliness of the business records, financial records and other Enhancing the operation efficiency and the efficiency in future business development of the Company. The risk management and internal control system of the Company has been designed based on the following principles: Comprehensiveness: The Company has developed a comprehensive and unified risk management system which covers the entire process of the Company’s business and the various processes of different departments and individual employees permeating through decision-making, execution, supervision and evaluation. Each department and individual employee must have a clearly defined role and responsibility in the risk management process. Sustainability: The Company takes the initiative in actively setting risk management objectives and implementing risk management measures with proper supervision and evaluation on a sustainable basis. Independency: The Compliance and Risk Control Department, Discipline Inspection, Supervision and Audit Department as well as Justice Department operate independently from other departments in inspecting, assessing and monitoring various risks applicable to the Company on a regular basis. Effectiveness: Risk management should be in proportion to the scale of the Company’s business, scope of business as well as actual circumstances and unite with the efficacy of actual delivered results, so as to realize the risk management objectives of the Company. The Company has established an internal structure and designed the business process for the purpose of segregating the powers of decision-making department, execution department and inspection and evaluation department and implemented check and balance among these departments. The organization structure of risk management of the Company is illustrated below: Officer responsible for risk management There are four management levels in risk management of the Company, namely, the Board, the risk management committee, the Chief Risk Officer and the officers responsible for risk management of each business department. The Board is responsible for setting the strategic objectives of risk management, fulfilling the values of risk management, appointing and removing the Chief Risk Officer, evaluating and approving risk management policies, ensuring the implementation of risk management systems and providing feedback on the effectiveness of risk management systems. The risk management committee of the Company is responsible for: (i) reviewing the risk management strategies of the Company, including the goals, risk tolerance and plans for managing and resolving material risks; (ii) analyzing and evaluating the risk profiles and the overall risk management of the Company; (iii) making suggestions and proposals in enhancing risk management of the Company; and (iv) supervising the implementation of the risk control system in the aspects of application of fund, marketing, operation and compliance. As at the end of the Reporting Period, the risk management committee of the Company has four members with an average of master or higher degrees and one of them is a senior accountant. The risk management committee of the Company is led by Mr. Wang Yuetang, who is one of the independent non-executive Directors of the Company. The Chief Risk Officer of the Company is responsible for ensuring the effective implementation of the internal policies of the Company and compliance with the business policy of the Company; evaluating and advising on the risks and compliance by the management of the Company in and as regards the major decisions making and main business activities of the Company; inspecting and investigating possible regulatory violations and risk concerns in the operation of the Company, reporting to the Board, the Shareholders and the regulatory authority independently on any non-compliance and enhancing the risk management of the Company through training, inspection and supervision. Mr. Qiu Xiangjun is the Chief Risk Officer of the Company and has approximately 11 years of experience in the financial industry. Officers in each business department responsible for risk management shall be responsible for implementing the risk management policies. X. Industry competition, market position and core In 2018, China’s futures market developed steadily and its ability to serve the real economy continued to increase. With the advancing construction of the futures market and the orderly implementation of variety innovation, the risk management tools were further enriched. While the market continues to develop, the forms and requirements for the development of futures companies are constantly changing. The global economy is complex and volatile, the major economies are recovering and diverging, and the risk of trade friction is increasing. Domestically, China is in the midst of high-quality development and transformation. With the deepening of supply-side structural reform, the adjustment pressure on the relevant industrial structure and price fluctuations risks have increased. In addition, while the futures market has just introduced foreign investors, futures companies are still in the stage of trial and accumulation in terms of relevant business compliance and control, coupled with the continuous enrichment of futures products and the cross-cutting of related businesses. The risk transfer across business, industry, market, and region was also gradually increasing. These have put forward new requirements and challenges for futures companies in risk prevention and control capabilities. In 2018, the accumulated trading volume of China’s futures markets were approximately 3,028,865,311 lots with an accumulated turnover of approximately RMB210.818394 trillion calculated as one side of a trade, representing a decrease of 1.54% and an increase of 12.2% as compared with the same period of last year. As of the end of the Reporting Period, there were 149 futures companies in China. In 2018, affected by the overall industry situation, China’s futures companies realized a net profit of RMB1.299 billion, representing a significant decrease of 83.65% as compared with 2017, mainly because a futures company made a one-off asset impairment loss of RMB5.06 billion in May 2018. Excluding this incident, the net profit for the year 2018 of the Company was RMB6.359 billion, representing a decrease of 19.96% from 2017. In 2018, the Company continued to maintain a development edge. Leveraging various advantages of its platforms, network distribution and qualification of comprehensive license and fully integrating with Internet services, the Company consolidated the scale of traditional business. In 2018, the turnover was RMB3.003605 trillion (bilateral statistics), accounting for 0.71% of the market share. At the same time, the Company actively developed innovative business with significant growth in risk management and asset management business. In 2018, the Company has been rated “Class A of the A Category” for the tenth consecutive year. The Company’s headquarters is located in Nanjing, capital of Jiangsu Province, where it boasts an exceptionally solid presence. At the end of the Reporting Period, the Company had a total of 45 branches (39 futures branches and six sub-branches), of which 19 were located in Jiangsu. Jiangsu Province is located in the eastern coastal areas of China and is developed in economy. In 2018, Jiangsu’s Gross Domestic Product reached RMB9,259.54 billion, representing an increase of 6.7% as compared with 2017. It is unshakable in China as a major economic province. Driven by China’s stable economic growth, leveraging on its superior location, Jiangsu Province is an important manufacturing center in East China, which offers it a large number of economic and industry opportunities. In recent years, the People’s Government of Jiangsu Province issued a series of new policies to stimulate its economic development, and especially that of the financial services industry. At the provincial finance work conference on 1 September 2017, it was proposed that Jiangsu Province would thoroughly implement the spirit of the National Financial Work Conference by achieving the three tasks of serving the real economy, preventing and controlling financial risks and deepening financial reform, and making efforts to create a new situation in financial reform and development. Thus, Jiangsu is now geared to become a province with tremendous progress in financial business. The People’s Government of Jiangsu Province issued the Opinions on Speeding up the Innovation of Financial Reform, promoting the development of a financial holding platform in Jiangsu Province, enhancing the overall investment capability of futures companies, banks, securities companies, insurance companies and trust companies, and further raising the securitisation rate of Jiangsu Province. Under continuing favourable policy conditions, the Company will gain more market opportunities. Among futures companies in Jiangsu, the Company ranked first in terms of registered capital, net assets, net capital, customer balance and annual net profits, firmly occupying the leading position in the regional market. From its position as the province’s largest futures company, the Company will leverage its deep understanding of the local market and its grasp of local customer demand to seize more development opportunities in the future. The Company has a total of 45 branches (39 futures branches and six sub-branches), of which 19 are located in Jiangsu Province. The rest are mainly located in economically developed and financially prosperous areas such as Beijing, Shanghai and Shenzhen, giving coverage of financially developed areas and other major areas. In addition, Holly Su Futures, a subsidiary of the Company, provides securities and futures brokerage services at the Hong Kong Stock Exchange, the Hong Kong Futures Exchange, and other major futures exchanges around the world. The relatively wide distribution of the Company’s futures branches has obvious advantages as it enables the Company to secure high-end customers from developed regions and benefit from the urbanisation and economic development of eastern coastal areas and central and western regions. The distribution and geographical coverage of futures branches will provide convenient financial services to customers and further enhance awareness of the Company brand and customer loyalty. Strong innovative ability enables the Company to grasp opportunities generated from the reform With competition intensifying in China’s futures industry, the Company has worked to identify and seize new opportunities created by the industry’s reform. These actions have broadened the Company’s futures business, its revenue channels and customer base. In July 2012, the CSRC issued its Pilot Measures on Asset Management Business of Futures Companies and granted qualifications for asset management business to futures companies. In December 2014, the China Futures Association issued the Rules for the Administration of Asset Management Business of Futures Companies (Trial), which allowed futures companies to provide asset management services to multiple clients. In August 2014, the China Futures Association issued the Guidelines on Pilot Work for Establishment of a Subsidiary by Futures Company to Commence the Business Mainly Focusing on Risk Management Services (Revised), enabling futures companies to engage in commodity trading and risk management businesses through risk management subsidiaries. In September 2014, the CSRC issued its Opinions on Further Promoting the Innovative Development of Futures Business Institutions to further expand the pilot scope of futures companies’ establishment of risk management subsidiaries. The Company seized the opportunity to commence various businesses, including assets management, commodities trading and risk management. As an online futures trading service provider, the Company provides clients with an efficient and stable platform for real-time trading. Through the Company’s online platform, clients can trade futures in real time as the market opens, as well as accessing details and records of their accounts, charting systems, news highlights, past market data, and other services such as technical analysis. Clients can quickly execute trades using free PC software trading programs and smartphone apps. The Company’s ability to maintain a stable trading platform – supplemented by a backup system – is a key factor in gaining and fostering customer loyalty and attracting new customers. There have been no major incidents affecting the activities of clients since the platform went into operation. To ensure the smooth execution of clients’ trading activities, the Company established four independent data centres, two of which are located in Nanjing and two in Shanghai. These can back up the daily records of the online trading platform. The Company provides multiple layers of service support to its clients. The Company’s sales team has remained stable, the Company’s account managers have close contact with their clients, and through customer service support, the Company can leverage customer relationships to support its domestic expansion and operations. The Company provides its clients with guidance on using its online trading platform, including that pertaining to technical issues, questions encountered regarding the trading system, and their account status. The Company’s research team also led in establishing a national post-doctoral workstation to provide clients with such value-added services such as price trend analysis of futures commodities. Clients can contact the Company’s account manager to discuss market conditions and investment strategy. A 400 hotline maintained by the Company gives clients access to additional comprehensive services including information consulting, quotation transactions and opening online accounts. These services can also be reached via a WeChat public account and the Hongyuntong ( ) mobile app. Members of the Company’s senior management team boast an average of 18 years’ experience in the futures industry. The Company was awarded the title of a state-owned enterprise in Jiangsu Province with an advanced team in building the “four good ( )” leading group. The Company believes the strength and experience of its senior management team to be a vital key to realising its long-term growth strategies. The Company and its subsidiaries have obtained comprehensive domestically and internationally recognised business qualifications which have enabled them to offer services across the whole futures spectrum, from spot to on-and off-exchange, to domestic and international, online to offline. Company qualifications issued by the CSRC or industry regulators include those for commodity futures brokerage, financial futures brokerage, futures investment advisory, asset management, fund sales and participants of stock options trading. Holly Su Futures, a subsidiary of the Company, holds the securities and futures licences in Hong Kong under which it (or by agent) can trade main foreign futures products around the world, including CME (Chicago Board of Trade), LME (London Metal Exchange), HKEX (Hong Kong Futures Exchange), Eurex (European Futures Exchange), SGX (Singapore Futures Exchange), TOCOM (Tokyo Commodity Exchange) and ICE (American Intercontinental Exchange). Additionally, it uses Shenzhen-Hong Kong Stock Connect and Shanghai-Hong Kong Stock Connect to carry out agency securities trading on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange, providing advice on securities trading and providing asset management. Holly Capital, another Company subsidiary, is principally engaged in commodity trading and risk management, including variation basis trading, cooperative hedging, pricing services, market making business and warehouse receipt services. It is a trader on the Dalian Commodity Exchange in corn and iron ore futures, and is a special trader on the National Cotton Exchange Market and the China Coal Trading Center. Facing the new situation of development, the Company will adhere to Xi Jinping Thought on Socialism with Chinese Characteristics for a New Era, in accordance with the requirements for high quality development, with the development objectives of “integrity, excellence, innovation, win-win”, unswervingly carry out special actions, namely “focus on practical work, strengthen execution and ensure implementation”, actively promote the reform of the system and mechanism with consumer centered and striver oriented to fully release the vitality of operation and management, and finally realize the steady growth of business development and the gradual improvement of industry ranking. (I). Focus on lifting the quality of the development and concentrate on “new” Innovation of system and mechanism is the foundation of high-quality development of the Company. First, the Company will raise the level of capital securitization to continuously follow up A-share initial public offering work. Second, the Company will implement market-oriented compensation reform. It will conform to the business development and market demand to accelerate the establishment of a market-oriented compensation system featuring “clear responsibilities and rights, clear rewards and punishments, outstanding effectiveness, and orderly mobility”, so as to put talents in their proper places and give full play to their strengths. (II). Deepen reform and transformation and upgrading as the main line, and make Emphasize on improving the return on net assets level of subsidiaries by researching First, the Company will strengthen the Holly Su Futures (Hongkong) Co., Ltd., The organizational structure of Holly Su Futures will be optimized, and the corresponding subsidiaries will be set up based on the business license. Under the general environment of foreign exchange policy control, the Company will innovate the brokerage business expansion model and try to introduce high-end brokerage talents who are familiar with the Hong Kong futures market to develop futures customers in the Hong Kong market and other overseas market. It will accelerate innovation and business development, as well as strengthening team construction and management to give full play to the biggest advantages and roles of existing licensees and team members. At the same time, the Company will give full play to the advantages of Holly Su Futures overseas platform, take the opportunity of crude oil futures listing and iron ore internationalization, actively develop overseas customers and do a good job in market cultivation. Second, the Company will optimize Holly Capital Management Co., Ltd. by developing the core businesses such as basis trade and derivative centrally, introducing a new business management team, exploring the business model of “trade, finance, logistics” and striving for higher growth in profits. It will actively carry out the standard warehouse receipt trading business of related varieties to strive to become the main business model of Holly Capital by taking the opportunity of enabling of integrated business platform of Zhengzhou Commodity exchange and standard warehouse receipt trading platform of Shanghai Futures Exchange; complete the establishment of Holly Capital Shanghai Branch; explore the market making business of risk management and apply for the qualification of futures and options market making business of DCE. Third, the Company will refine its business units. It will explore the construction of multi-level network system of “headquarters-branch-business department”. At the same time, it will combine the professional and regional advantages of each business unit, give play to the synergistic effect of “brokerage business +” mode, and realize the parallel of comprehensive development and dedicated development. Focus on improving the contribution rate of innovation business profit by gathering elements to First, the Company will upgrade the traditional brokerage business. It will endeavour to be customer-oriented, pay close attention to new customers and new assets, focus on income indicators, and gradually improve market share, to form a comprehensive business development model based on brokerage business. The Company will fully explore the Company’s research and channel functions to enhance the ability of preservation and increment of customer value. According to customer classification and hierarchical management of the big data analysis, the Company will implement data management for futures customer service and industry chain risk to effectively exert futures functions. Second, the Company will maintain steady development of the asset management business. According to the latest development trend of asset management, the Company will further improve the asset management business from the aspects of system, process and team; lay a solid foundation for the sustainable development of asset management business; and strive to achieve the growth rate of the number of asset management products and business scale not lower than the average level of the industry. Relying on the existing development advantages, the Company will formulate its private placement white list system, focusing on strengthening cooperation with private placement institutions. It will enrich the design model of asset management products, increase the development and design of low-risk and fixed-income product lines, realize the simplification of asset management products, and copy simple products to strive to improve customer experience and return on customer assets. Self-management ability will be improved to achieve at least an attractive firm performance curve in the trading system. Investment- oriented asset management products linked to the Holly Futures commodity index will be officially launched. At the same time, the Company will further strengthen project review and evaluation, post-investment management, and strictly guard against project risks under the guidance of the new regulations on asset management. Third, the Company will seek development breakthrough for risk management business. It will actively expand the option brokerage business, and strive to achieve the leading position of option business in the industry; vigorously promote the development of OTC option business and establish a stable customer group for OTC business; constantly expand the business service field of “insurance + futures” and explore the pilot projects of “contract farming + insurance + futures (options)” and “OTC + option”, so as to play a positive role in the futures market for China’s three rural issues and poverty alleviation; accelerate the training of transaction team and further enhance the ability of option strategy research and development; Fourth, the Company will enhance economic efficiency of wealth management business. It will actively look for high- quality partners to represent more high-quality public funds, private funds and other financial products to strive to build a “financial supermarket”. It will speed up the pace of establishment of public fund management company to strengthen our wealth management business. First, the Company will strengthen the establishment of talent group. It will fully implement talent strategy, actively create a carrier for talent innovation and entrepreneurship, and create a favorable environment for the development of talents, so as to attract, retain and make good use of all kinds of talents urgently needed by the development of the Company. The Company will maintain the combination of internal training and external introduction, and cultivate the outstanding employees into the backbone for the Company’s development. It will strengthen the planning and design of the cultivation of young cadres and reserve talents, carry out regular and targeted training to build a good talent training base from the need for enterprise reform and transformation. The Company will strengthen the incentives, tolerance, error correction, and preparation for both promotion and demotion, and support the cadres and workers who dare to take responsibility and work hard. Second, create a systematic management process. It will continue to increase the management and control of all aspects of business operations to prevent major operational risks; establish and improve multi-level risk management system and all-around risk management process to promote the effective operation of the management system and process; and strengthen risk management by information technology to accelerate the implementation of the risk management process involved in the information system. With the “year of system implementation” as the medium, the Company continue to focus on the “abolition, reform and establishment” of the system, the study and publicity of the system, the implementation of the system and the supervision of the implementation of the system, to constantly enhance the scientificity and operability of the system documents. Third, the Company will strengthen IT technology support. It will adhere to the technology-leading strategy, continue to increase investment, and strive to create a fast, safe, industry-leading online service platform in accordance with the industry development trend, the Company’s transformation and innovation requirements. It will eplore the establishment of a “one-point response, multi-point support” front-back collaboration mechanism, build a front, middle and back end linkage operation platform to effectively solve the business process congestion problem. On this account, the Company will comprehensively promote the construction of large background operation systems to deepen the construction of high-quality large background management models. Fourth, the Company will strengthen the support for research and development. It will establish the business divisions of agricultural products, non-ferrous, ferrous, industrial products and other dominant varieties, and truly implement the “Five in One” customer mode for service industries, to form “horse racing” mechanism with win-win cooperation. With the goal of the “integrated construction of research and investment”, the research and investment will be further expanded to achieve the seamless connection between the research team and the customer base. At the same time, the assessment scheme of classified regulation shall be established to provide a good career platform for excellent research and development personnel. Net assets per Share attributable to shareholders of the Company (RMB/share) The Group’s net assets per Share attributable to shareholders of the Company for the year 2018, was substantially the same as 2017. Note: Gearing ratio = (Total liabilities – accounts payable to brokerage clients)/(Total assets – accounts payable to brokerage clients) Gearing ratio of the Group decreased during the year of 2018, which was mainly attributable to the year-on-year decrease in the balance of financial liabilities designated at fair value through profit or loss. Weighted average return on net assets of the Group slightly decreased in 2018, which was mainly attributable to the significant decrease of 13% in profit after tax in 2018. The employees are the valuable wealth for the Company, the foundation of the survival and development for the Company. The Company treats employees with fairness and respect. The talents are the base of strong company, the foundation of development and the requirement of transition. The Company endeavours to be employee centered, and strives to create a people oriented and caring working environment, and is sparing no effort to build “enrichment platform”, “entrepreneurial platform” and “career platform” for employees. A total of 104 people were employed during the year, and the total number of employees was 670 as of 31 December 2018. The Company is committed to building platforms for training talents. It established diversified talents training system, and successfully held the first 5-day closed new employee training. Relying on the SOHO online learning platform and the China Futures Association network continuing education platform, the Company vigorously promoted the online training of employees, and developed the assessment methods for the online learning platform. During the year 2018, more than 90 internal and external training sessions were organized. It promoted the in-depth development of school-enterprise cooperation; cooperated with Nanjing University and other famous universities, participating in the “China Financial Futures Exchange Cup” national college students’ financial futures and derivatives knowledge competition for six consecutive sessions; won the “Second Prize for Outstanding Organization”; cooperated with Nanjing Audit University to organize and participate in the first “Zhengzhou Commodity Exchange Cup” college student trading simulation contest; launched the college talents cultivation program for DCE, signed the agreement of education base with Nanjing Agricultural University, and jointly hosted the “Cultivation Project for College Futures Talents” with Jiangsu University of Science and Technology. The Company is committed to sound mechanisms to retain talents. The Company will further improve the remuneration plan for the principals of subsidiaries and business departments, revise and improve some provisions of the Compensation Management System, and develop more reasonable compensation mechanisms and assessment schemes for the principals of business departments. The Company will revise the assessment scheme for deferred payment of monthly bonuses for personnel of the asset management center, and introduce the Incentive Measures for Sales of Securities Investment Funds, the Incentive Measures for Account Opening in the Energy Center and the Incentive Measures for Overseas Account Opening of Iron Ore to provide policy support for innovative business development. The Company will further improve the comprehensive personnel assessment index system, fix work posts and define personnel quota for functional department and personnel. At the same time, strict attention should be paid to attendance management and employee professional behavior, and the Attendance Management System and Employee Handbook should be revised. The Company will build multi- level security system which enables employees to share the achievements of enterprise development, revise the Management Methods of Expenses for Overseas Employees, and properly improve the standards of allowances for overseas employees. The Company is committed to carrying out rich and colorful employee activities. It held reading festival activities with the theme of “Happy Reading • Being a Wisdom Person”. It organized activities such as enjoying beautiful scenery in Pukou District during spring time, appreciating folk custom and doing handwork as beauty, the female employees picking strawberries in Lishui and mountain climbing in the Double Ninth Festival; held health lecture, inquiry of TCM, and bought sphygmomanometers, thermometers, bathroom scales, etc.; held “Holly Futures Cup” photo contest; participated in the Fangshan climbing activities of the holding group and won the high morality prize; participated in the second staff sports meet of the holding group and won the first prize of the team and the prize for the best organization; participated in the holding group activities such as “Bright League Flag and League Badge • Show Graceful Bearing of Youth-Struggling Youth Most Beautiful”. In addition, the leading group also carried out in-depth research at the grassroots level and carried out “Deliver Coolness” activities at several branches. The Company adheres to the principle of giving priority to efficiency with due consideration to fairness, and establishes and perfects the performance assessment system. The Company provides and establishes (including but not limited to) statutory benefits such as reserve fund, basic medical insurance, endowment insurance, maternity insurance, employment injury insurance and unemployment insurance for employees in accordance with laws, regulations and relevant policies of Hong Kong and China. Employees are also entitled to public holidays, marriage leave, bereavement leave and maternity leave. Over the years, the Group has been able to get through the channels for self-improvement of employees through training courses and lectures to enhance professional competence. The Company aims to minimize the impact of our activities on the environment and will remind our staff to follow the same principle. The Company adheres to the approach of low carbon, emission reduction, energy saving and environmentally friendly in business management. It has adopted the following measures: improve the official vehicle-using arrangement and advocate taking public transportation; encourage staff to print on two sides of paper and remind staff to reduce waste production when printing and photocopying documents; encourage staff to turn off lights when leaving, so as to reduce unnecessary lightings; adopt an office automatic online management system to promote electronic office work and reduce paper consumption; encourage employees to bring their own cups to save the use of disposable cups and so on. By implementing appropriate measures, the Company has improved efficiency, saved energy and further improved the overall environmental awareness of the Company. The Group has adopted internal control to monitor the continuous compliance with relevant laws and regulations. During the Reporting Period, the Company did not violate any laws or regulations that resulted in material effect on the business of the Group. The Group maintains good relationships with existing and potential customers, so as to better understand the market trends and fulfil the diverse needs and requirement of individual and corporate customers more effectively. As a result, the Group is able to take up cooperation opportunities with customers and timely adjust its operating and development strategies. Given its business nature, the Company has no major suppliers. Nil. Nil. 