China Conch Venture Holdings Limited / Annual Report 2014 During the Reporting Period, the Group expedited the development of the environmental protection industry while maintaining the healthy and sustainable development of all industry pillars, and recorded turnover of RMB1.75 billion and profit before taxation of RMB2.48 billion, representing increases of 9.8% and 20.9% as compared with the corresponding period of the previous year, respectively. Share of profit of an associate amounted to RMB1.98 billion, representing an increase of 14.9% as compared with the corresponding period of the previous year. The increase was mainly attributable to the profit growth of Conch Holdings, an associate of the Company, resulting in an increase in profit attributable to the Group. Net profit attributable to equity shareholders of the Company amounted to RMB2.24 billion, representing an increase of 21.9% as compared with the corresponding period of the previous year. Basic earnings per share amounted to RMB1.24. Energy-saving vertical mill manufacturing China Conch Venture Holdings Limited / Annual Report 2014 Change in Change in percentage Amount Percentage Amount Percentage amount (percentage point) During the Reporting Period, the percentage of turnover from waste incineration increased rapidly to 18.5%, mainly due to the accelerated progress of several waste incineration projects undertaken by the Group in Pingliang, Gansu, Zunyi, Guizhou and Guiyang, Guizhou, which have generated turnover; turnover from vertical mills and port logistics services increased by 10.3% and 8.3% respectively as compared with the corresponding period of the previous year, mainly due to the increase in the sales of vertical mills and the throughput capacity of ports; turnover from residual heat power generation decreased by 17.6%, mainly due to the fact that turnover of the domestic residual heat power generation decreased because the demand of the Chinese cement industry for residual heat power generation declined and the market competition was fierce. Change in Change in percentage Amount Percentage Amount Percentage amount (percentage point) Asia (excluding China) China Conch Venture Holdings Limited / Annual Report 2014 During the Reporting Period, turnover of the Group from the domestic market increased by 9.9%, representing an increase of 0.1 percentage point over the corresponding period of the previous year. Turnover from Asia (excluding China) increased by 3.5% as compared with the corresponding period of the previous year, because the Group endeavored to expand the overseas residual heat power generation markets. By proactively exploring overseas mill markets, the Group has commenced sales of vertical mills in regions such as Tanzania in Africa and India in Asia. Change in gross Gross profit Gross profit margin Gross profit Gross profit margin Change in amount profit margin (percentage point) During the Reporting Period, the consolidated gross profit margin of products of the Group was 32.8%, representing an increase of 1.8 percentage points as compared with the corresponding period of the previous year, primarily due to the fact that the Group ramped up its sales efforts and enlarged technological application area; meanwhile, the Group also expedited the exploration of the waste incineration market, moreover, profits and gross profit margin of both businesses maintained fast growth, driving the growth of the consolidated gross profit margin of products of the Group. Gross profit margin from residual heat power generation business decreased by 0.9 percentage points as compared with the corresponding period of the previous year, mainly due to the intensified competition in the residual heat power generation market and the decrease in selling price. Gross profit margin for port logistics services decreased by 5.4 percentage points as compared with the corresponding period of the previous year, which was attributable to (i) the decreased prices of loading and unloading coal as a result of the pullback in prices of coal; and (ii) the decrease of consolidated unit price was affected by the changes in the structure of cargo source. China Conch Venture Holdings Limited / Annual Report 2014 Change in Change in percentage Amount Percentage Amount Percentage amount (percentage point) During the Reporting Period, revenue from sales to Conch Cement was RMB730 million and accounted for 41.8% of total turnover, representing a decrease of 8.6% and 8.4 percentage points as compared with the corresponding period of the previous year, respectively, primarily because the Group intensified the market expansion, resulting in an increase in the turnover from customers other than Conch Cement. During the Reporting Period, the Group’s other revenue was RMB147.887 million, representing an increase of RMB130.355 million over the same period last year. Such increase was mainly due to an increase in the deposit interest and subsidies of the Group. During the Reporting Period, the distribution costs of the Group were RMB26.653 million, representing a decrease of RMB387,000 or 1.4% as compared with the corresponding period of the previous year, primarily due to the decrease in port logistics service fee. During the Reporting Period, the administrative expenses of the Group were RMB104.997 million, representing an increase of RMB2.279 million or 2.2% as compared with the corresponding period of the previous year, primarily due to the increase in research and development costs and provision of bad debts in 2014. China Conch Venture Holdings Limited / Annual Report 2014 During the Reporting Period, the finance costs of the Group were RMB60.755 million, representing an increase of RMB7.153 million or 13.3% as compared with the corresponding period of the previous year, primarily due to the longer interest-bearing period of loans of the Group in the year than that of loans taken up by the Group as a result of its restructuring last year. During the Reporting Period, profit before taxation of the Group was RMB2.48 billion, representing an increase of RMB429 million or 20.9% as compared with the corresponding period of the previous year, primarily attributable to (i) the significant increase in profits from principal operations with profits from principal operations before taxation during the year being RMB499 million, representing an increase of RMB171 million or 52.1% as compared with the corresponding period of the previous year; and (ii) the increase in share of profit of an associate with share of profit of an associate during the year being RMB1.98 billion, representing an increase of RMB258 million or 14.9% as compared with the corresponding period of the previous year. During the Reporting Period, income tax expenses of the Group were RMB106.945 million, representing an increase of RMB34.294 million or 47.2% as compared with the corresponding period of the previous year, primarily due to the rise of income tax expenses as a result of the growth in profits from principal operations before taxation. Tongling conch cement Co. Ltd. China Conch Venture Holdings Limited / Annual Report 2014 As at 31 December 2014, total assets and equity attributable to equity shareholders of the Company amounted to RMB17.21 billion and RMB14.85 billion, representing increases of RMB1.23 billion and RMB2.05 billion, respectively, as compared with the end of the previous year. Gearing ratio of the Group was 11.1%, representing a decrease of 5.8 percentage points as compared with the end of the previous year. The balance sheet items of the Group are as follows: At 31 December At 31 December Change between the end of the Reporting Period and the end of the previous year As at 31 December 2014, the non-current assets of the Group was RMB13.21 billion, representing an increase of 19.8% as compared with the end of the previous year, primarily due to an increase of equities in its associates. Non-current liabilities of the Group was RMB130 million, representing a decrease of 88.2% as compared with the end of the previous year, primarily because the Group repaid some long-term borrowings during the year and long-term borrowings due within one year were reclassified into current liabilities. China Conch Venture Holdings Limited / Annual Report 2014 As at 31 December 2014, the current assets of the Group was RMB4.00 billion, representing a decrease of 19.2% as compared with the end of the previous year, primarily because the Group accelerated the construction of its works and repaid some borrowings. Current liabilities of the Group were RMB1.78 billion, representing an increase of 11.3% as compared with the end of the previous year. Current ratio and debt to equity ratio (calculated by dividing total loans by total equity) were 2.25 and 0.05 respectively, as compared to 3.1 and 0.12 of the corresponding period of the previous year respectively. As at 31 December 2014, net current assets of the Group were RMB2.22 billion, representing a decrease of RMB1.13 billion as compared with the end of the previous year, primarily because the Group accelerated the construction of its works and repaid some borrowings. As at 31 December 2014, equity attributable to equity shareholders of the Group was RMB14.85 billion, representing an increase of 16.0% as compared with the end of the previous year, primarily due to the increase in equity in associates attributable to the Group and profits from principal operations before taxation. At 31 December At 31 December As at 31 December 2014, total loans of the Group amounted to RMB800 million, representing a decrease of RMB789 million as compared to the end of the previous year, primarily because the Group repaid bank loans during the year. China Conch Venture Holdings Limited / Annual Report 2014 Foreign exchange risks faced by the Group mainly derive from account receivables and payables arising from sales and procurement and proceeds from the issue of new shares which are denominated in foreign currencies, mainly including US dollars, Hong Kong dollars and Japanese Yen. The Group adopted effective management and control measures to control the risk within acceptable range. During the Reporting Period, net cash generated from the operating activities of the Group amounted to RMB336.768 million, representing an increase of RMB27.943 million as compared with the corresponding period of the previous year. The increase was mainly attributable to an increase in turnover and a decrease in the balance of bank acceptance notes due from customers. During the Reporting Period, net cash used in the investing activities of the Group amounted to RMB677.254 million, representing an increase of RMB735.941 million as compared with the corresponding period of the previous year. The increase was mainly due to the fact that the Group expedited the technical upgrading projects of new building materials and port logistics services and made term deposits with banks for the purpose of improving capital efficiency. During the Reporting Period, net cash used in the financing activities of the Group amounted to RMB1,299.392 million, representing an increase of RMB4,352.953 million as compared with the corresponding period of the previous year, mainly because of the repayment of some bank loans, payment of dividends and proceeds from issue of shares by the Group in 2013. China Conch Venture Holdings Limited / Annual Report 2014 As at 31 December 2014, the Group had purchase commitments of outstanding in connection with construction contractors were as follows: At 31 December At 31 December As at 31 December 2014, the Group had no material contingent liabilities. On 1 December 2014, Conch Venture HK, an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, acquired 25% equity interest of HC Port for an amount of RMB83.398 million. Prior to completion of such acquisition, HC Port was held as to 75% by Conch Venture Wuhu, an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company and 25% by Prosperity Trading. Upon completion, HC Port was held as to 75% by Conch Venture Wuhu and as to 25% by Conch Venture HK. As a result, HC Port became an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company. Pursuant to Rule 14A.09 of the Listing Rules, since the total assets, profits and revenue of HC Port for each of the three financial years ended 31 December 2013 are less than 10% of that of the Group, HC Port is an “insignificant subsidiary” of the Company, hence Prosperity Trading was not a connected person of the Company and the transaction between the Group and Prosperity Trading did not constitute a connected transaction under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules. Save for the above transaction, none of the Company or its subsidiaries or associated companies had entered into any material acquisitions or disposals during the Reporting Period. China Conch Venture Holdings Limited / Annual Report 2014 The Group always values the management of human resources by providing its employees with competitive remuneration packages and various training programs. In 2014, the Group organized seminars relating to domestic waste treatment technology, project technology and marketing of new building materials, highlights of commercial contracts and basic knowledge of grate incinerator technology. In order to strengthen team building, the Group recruited graduates of universities and vocational schools across China through numerous channels. As at 31 December 2014, the Group had approximately 997 employees. The remuneration of employees is based on qualifications, experience, work performance and market conditions. As required by the PRC regulations on social insurance, the Group participated in the social insurance schemes operated by local government authorities which include pension insurance, medical insurance, unemployment insurance, industrial injuries insurance and maternity insurance. The Company has adopted a share option scheme (“Share Option Scheme”) pursuant to a resolution in writing passed by all shareholders on 3 December 2013 for the purpose of granting options to selected participants as incentives or rewards for their contribution to the Group. The Group has not granted any share option under the Share Option Scheme ever since its adoption. 