2014 was a challenging year for the Group. The plan for business process re-engineering of the EMS Business has been underway in preparation for the new era of recovery of the Group. Financial summary of the EMS Business for the year ended 31 December 2014: Turnover was approximately HK$363 million (2013: HK$316 million), representing an increase of 15%; Gross profit was approximately HK$60 million (2013: HK$79 million), gross profit margin was approximately 17% (2013: Loss before taxation incurred, before sharing of profit of an associate, was approximately HK$128 million (2013: loss of HK$37 million), a significant increase in loss before taxation of approximately HK$91 million compared to that of 2013. In addition to the compensation paid for staff layoffs of approximately HK$33 million which was included as other expenses, the Group’s results for this year was skewed partially attributable to significant impairment loss on excessive property, plant and machineries of approximately HK$36 million which were subsequently disposed and resulted in a loss of approximately HK$41 million which was included as other incomes, gains and losses in the financial statements. The overall impact of the above attributable to the loss incurred of the Group for the year was approximately HK$110 million. The property, plant and equipment being impaired during the year represented certain buildings, plant, equipment and machinery of the Group relating to the manufacturing facilities located in the People’s Republic of China (the “PRC”) due to the reasons that certain products of the Group had lost its profitable demand and led to the closure of certain production lines of retired electronic components of the Group. A total of four factory buildings, four dormitories and one canteen and equipment including motor vehicles and machinery were disposed of as the property, plant and equipment related to products which were no longer manufactured by the Group. The prices at which these assets were disposed of were negotiated and agreed between parties, subject to 17 contracts and sold to 15 different buyers. The impairment and disposal of the Company’s property, plant and equipment was in response to the decision to outsource our labour intensive production processes. It is expected that the Company’s ability to sell such products have not been adversely affected by the outsourcing of operations and related disposal of the relevant property, plant and equipment. Facing the difficult business environment, both from the consumer electronics product market and the operating environment in the PRC, the Group took the above actions and anticipated that the business process re-engineering will go smoothly in the coming year. The trade receivables as at 31 December 2014 was approximately HK$68 million (2013: approximately HK$60 million), increased by approximately 14% in comparison to 2013 due to an increase in sales. The Group pursues an aggressive strategy in its trading activities and adopts a conservative strategy in the financing of the Group’s activities. The normal working capital of the Group is well funded by its own cash flow generated and short term bank facilities. The Group continued to enjoy a solid cash position for the year under review, with cash and cash equivalents amounting to approximately HK$28 million as at 31 December 2014 (31 December 2013: HK$73 million). As at 31 December 2014, the net current assets of the Group amounted to approximately HK$17 million (31 December 2013: HK$88 million for the EMS Business). The current and quick ratio was 1.10 and 1.07 respectively (31 December 2013: 1.9 and 1.4 respectively for the EMS Business). As at 31 December 2014, the gearing ratio of the Group, calculated by dividing total bank borrowings by net assets of Group, was 0.77% (31 December 2013: 6.0%). The bank borrowings of the EMS Business were approximately HK$2 million (31 December 2013: HK$20 million), which were all repayable within one year. The loans were principally used to finance the sales operation of the EMS Business. Throughout the year, the Group maintained a net cash position, and as at 31 December 2014, there was net cash of approximately HK$26 million (31 December 2013: HK$53 million). There were no unutilised banking facilities available for the Group as at 31 December 2014. Equity attributable to owners of the Company dropped to approximately HK$141 million (31 December 2013: approximately HK$335 million). During the year, the Group invested approximately HK$27 million (2013: approximately HK$11 million), mainly on production equipment. As at 31 December 2014, there was no capital expenditure commitments. The Group’s sales were principally denominated in US dollars and Hong Kong dollars while purchases were transacted mainly in Renminbi and Hong Kong dollars. The fluctuation of Renminbi in 2014 did not materially affect the costs and operations of the Group for the year and the Directors do not foresee significant risk in exchange rate fluctuation. Currently, the Group has not entered into any financial instruments for hedging purposes. However, the Group will closely monitor its overall foreign exchange exposures and interest rate exposures, and consider hedging against the exposures should the need arise. The Group had no significant contingent liabilities as at 31 December 2014. The property, plant and equipment being impaired during the year represented certain buildings, plant, equipment and machinery of the Group relating to the manufacturing facilities located in the People’s Republic of China (the “PRC”). During 2014, the Directors carried out an impairment assessment due to the continuing deteriorating financial performance of the Group prior to those property, plant and equipment being disposed in later 2014. As a result of the assessment, the Group recognised an impairment loss of approximately HK$34 million. In addition, the Group also recognised impairment loss in respect of specific equipment and machinery of approximately HK$2 million for the reason that these equipment and machinery were no longer used by the Group. A total of four factory buildings, four dormitories, one canteen and equipment including motor vehicles and machinery were disposed of in later 2014. During 2014, the financial performance of the Group continued to deteriorate due to increasing competition in the consumer electronics market, the Group’s profit making ability had been reduced. Gross profit had been decreased and the operating loss extended. As a result of fast changing technology, the product requirements had been changing rapidly in the market in recent years and certain products of the Group had lost its profitable demand and the Group therefore opted to cease production on certain products, leading to the closure of certain production lines of retired electronic components after diligent consideration, including the geographical location of the factory. The Directors reviews the Group’s financial performance on a regular basis and will assess for impairment whenever there are indicators of impairment arises. In accordance with the relevant accounting standards, indicators of impairment loss exist where there is evidence available of obsolescence or physical damage of the asset; significant changes with an adverse effect on the entity have taken place during the period, or are expected to take place in the near future, in the extent to which, or the manner in which, an asset is used or is expected to be used. These changes include the asset becoming idle, plans to discontinue or restructure the operation to which an asset belongs, plans to dispose of an asset before the previously expected date, and reassessing the useful life of an asset as finite rather than indefinite; or evidence is available from internal reporting that indicates that the economic performance of an asset is, or will be, worse than expected. As mentioned above, during 2014, specific machinery and equipment were identified to be impaired due to the fact that these assets were no longer used and therefore had been written off during the Group’s interim period. In addition, those buildings specifically related to the production facilities and dormitories of these closed production lines were also left idle and these facilities and dormitories were identified to have an impairment indicator. For buildings (including dormitories) which was expected could be used for other or existing production lines of the Group, they were collectively assessed for impairment on the cash generating unit for production of electronic components. Property, plant and equipment are stated at cost less subsequent accumulated depreciation and accumulated impairment losses. Property, plant and equipment are evaluated for possible impairment on a specific asset basis or in groups of similar assets, as applicable. This process requires management’s estimation of the future cash flows generated by each asset or groups of assets. If the recoverable amounts are less than the carrying amounts of the property, plant and equipment, the relevant asset’s carrying amount is written down to the recoverable amount. If the management’s expectation is different, it will impact on the carrying value and write downs of property, plant and equipment in the periods in which such estimate is changed. During 2014, the management of the Group conducted a review of the Group’s property, plant and equipment and determined that a number of those assets were specifically identified to be obsolete and idle due to cessation of certain non-core production lines. In addition, due to the sustained losses in the cash generating unit (“CGU”) for production of electronic components, further impairment losses were identified for property, plant and equipment of the CGU based on their recoverable amounts. Accordingly, impairment loss of approximately HK$36 million had been recognised in respect of property, plant and equipment contained in that CGU during the interim period. In later 2014, due to the increasing competition in the market, the Group had decided to cease its own manufacturing operation and instead sub-contracted the whole of the manufacturing operation to a third party. The property, plant and equipment related to products which were no longer manufactured by the Group and therefore, disposal of these production related assets was decided. The prices at which these assets were disposed of were negotiated and agreed between parties, subject to 17 contracts and sold to 15 different buyers. To the best of the Directors’ knowledge, information and belief, these buyers were independent of the Company, its connected persons and their associates, and not related to each other. None of the disposals were notifiable transactions under Rule 14.01(1)(a). Given that and the change to sub-contracting production to others by the Group, the disposal as a whole are considered to be fair and reasonable and in the interests of the Company and its shareholders. Due to subcontracting costs being relatively lower than the overall cost of maintaining our own production and related facilities, it was economically beneficial to outsource. The impairment and disposal of the Company’s property, plant and equipment was in response to the decision to outsource our production of these products. The Group continues to sell the same or similar products and the revenue attributable to such sales had actually increased in 2014 (when compared to 2013) so from that perspective, the Company’s ability to sell such products have not been adversely affected by the outsourcing of operations and related disposal of the relevant property, plant and equipment. The property, plant and equipment as at 31 December 2014 was approximately HK$2.2 million (2013: approximately HK$147.0 million), the decrease was mainly due to the disposal of the Wing Lee Switch & Jack Group and the disposal of the aforementioned property, plant and equipment in 2014. During the year ended 31 December 2014, the Group disposed of Wing Lee (Switch & Jack) Limited and its subsidiaries (collectively referred to as the “Wing Lee Switch & Jack Group), China King Holdings Limited and its subsidiaries (collectively referred to as the China King Group), Dongguan Choi Yin Electronics Co. Ltd and Morning Star (Louding) Industrial Co., Ltd. to facilitate the Group restructuring. A gain on disposal of the aforementioned subsidiaries was approximately HK$53 million. During the year, the Group entered into an agreement to acquire 70% equity interest in Common Glory Global Limited (“Common Glory”) and 70% of the total amount of shareholder’s loan owing by Common Glory and its subsidiaries for cash consideration of HK$128,380,000. The acquisition was completed on 31 December As at 31 December 2014, the Group employed a total of approximately 160 employees (31 December 2013: approximately 1,500 employees) in Hong Kong and the PRC, a reduction owing to the layoff of production staff at the Heyuan factory. The total salaries and wages for the year ended 31 December 2014 amounted to approximately HK$85 million (2013: approximately HK$70 million. Employees are remunerated based on their performance, experience and prevailing industry practice. The Group’s remuneration policies and packages are reviewed by the management on a regular basis. In addition to offering competitive salary packages, the Group also grants discretionary bonuses and share options to subscribe shares of the Company to qualified employees as and when the Board considers appropriate based on operation conditions and individual performance. 