In 2014, the Company achieved a steady growth of its business and maintained its leading position in the market, with its business structure significantly optimized and the operating results noticeably improved. During the Reporting Period, net profit attributable to equity holders of the Company was RMB32,211 million, an increase of 30.1% from 2013; and one-year new business value was RMB23,253 million, an increase of 9.2% from 2013. As at the end of the Reporting Period, the Company’s embedded value was RMB454,906 million, an increase of 32.9% from 2013. During the Reporting Period, the Company’s net premiums earned was RMB330,105 million, an increase of 1.6% from 2013 with RMB285,574 million from life insurance business, decreased by 1.8% from 2013, RMB32,624 million from health insurance business, increased by 34.9% from 2013, RMB11,907 million from accident insurance business, increased by 20.3% from 2013; first-year premiums for policies with insurance duration of more than one year increased by 1.4% from 2013, first-year regular premiums increased by 15.5% from 2013, and the percentage of first-year regular premiums in first-year premiums for policies with insurance duration of more than one year increased to 39.94% in 2014 from 35.05% in 2013; first-year regular premiums with 10 years or longer payment duration increased by 22.0% from 2013, and the percentage of first-year regular premiums with 10 years or longer payment duration in first-year regular premiums increased to 55.33% in 2014 from 52.40% in 2013; renewal premiums decreased by 1.4% from 2013, and the percentage of renewal premiums in gross written premiums decreased to 56.82% in 2014 from 58.45% in 2013. As at 31 December 2014, the number of in-force policies increased by 11.3% from the end of 2013; the Policy Persistency Rate (14 months and 26 months) 4 was 5.46%, a 1.60 percentage point increase from 2013. The Persistency Rate for long-term individual policy is an important operating performance indicator for life insurance companies. It measures the ratio of in-force policies in a pool of policies after a certain period of time. It refers to the proportion of policies that are still effective during the designated month in the pool of policies whose issue date was 14 or 26 months ago. Surrender Rate = Surrender payment/(Liability of long-term insurance contracts at the beginning of the period + Premium of long-term insurance contracts) From left to right: Ms. Huang Xiumei, Mr. Li Mingguang, Mr. Xu Hengping, Mr. Miao Ping, Mr. Lin Dairen, Mr. Su Hengxuan, With respect to the exclusive individual agent channel, its business scale increased steadily and the business structure was optimized evidently. During the Reporting Period, gross written premiums from the exclusive individual agent channel increased by 3.9% year-on-year; first-year premiums for policies with insurance duration of more than one year increased by 8.3% year-on-year; first-year regular premiums increased by 8.7% year-on- year; first-year regular premiums with 10 years or longer payment duration increased by 17.0% year-on-year; the percentages of first-year regular premiums with 5 years or longer payment duration and first-year regular premiums with 10 years or longer payment duration in gross first-year regular premiums were 96.03% and 68.36% respectively, increased by 10.23 and 4.89 percentage points year-on-year; and renewal premiums increased by 3.0% year-on-year. The Company achieved fruitful results in its persistent implementation of the “effective expansion” strategy for team building. As at the end of the Reporting Period, the Company had a total of 743,000 exclusive individual agents which increased by 13.8% from 2013. The Company continued to promote the professional development for the exclusive individual agent channel, and achieved great results in both product strategy and sales planning. With respect to the group insurance channel, businesses with higher profit margin maintained a relatively fast growth, and the overall premiums volume remained stable. During the Reporting Period, gross written premiums of the group insurance channel remained stable; short-term insurance premiums increased by 12.7% year-on- year and short-term accident insurance premiums increased by 14.5% year-on-year. The group insurance channel actively provided services for economic and social development, participated in the building of the social security system, broadened the service areas by actively developing the medical insurance business in the high-end market, and effectively improved the development of insurance for college-graduate village officials, planned birth insurance and accident insurance for senior citizens. The Company also actively operated the multinational co- insurance business and the international insurance business such as the travel insurance for Sino-Russian tourism. As at the end of the Reporting Period, the Company had a total of 19,000 group insurance sales representatives in the group insurance channel. With respect to the bancassurance channel, the Company actively responded to new changes in regulatory policies and new challenges from market competition by strengthening product innovation, deepening channel cooperation and enhancing the construction of sales team. While maintaining the business to a certain scale, the Company actively adjusted its business structure, made great efforts in developing businesses with regular premiums and achieved preliminary results in its transformation. During the Reporting Period, gross written premiums from the bancassurance channel decreased by 7.3% year-on-year, first-year premiums of policies with insurance duration of more than one year decreased by 0.4% year-on-year, first-year regular premiums increased by 41.0% year-on- year, and first-year regular premiums with 5 years or longer payment duration increased by 98.5% year-on-year. As at the end of the Reporting Period, the number of intermediary bancassurance outlets was 61,000, with a total of 71,000 sales representatives. In 2014, China’s equity market and bond market were both bullish with yields of bonds continued their downside trend, and valuations of blue chip shares increased significantly. The Company actively responded to the capital market by continuously diversifying investment products and channels and optimizing asset allocation structure. In terms of investment portfolios, the Company increased its allocation in equity, other financial products and high-grade credit bonds; in terms of investment management, the Company substantially pushed forward the market-oriented entrusted investment management for both domestic and international market, and promoted diversification of investment styles and strategies; in terms of investment territories, the Company explored various ways of overseas investment, prudently pushed forward overseas commercial real estate project investment, and the pilot program of open market strategies. As at the end of the Reporting Period, the Company’s investment assets reached RMB2,100,870 million, an increase of 13.6% from the end of 2013. Among the major types of investments, the percentage of bonds decreased to 44.77% from 47.25% as at the end of 2013, the percentage of term deposits decreased to 32.85% from 35.93% as at the end of 2013, the percentage of equity investment 5 allocation such as the debt investment plans and trust schemes increased to 4.32% from 3.14% as at the end of 2013. During the 6 was 4.71%. Spread income and fair value gains and losses increased significantly and the impairment losses of assets decreased noticeably, as a result of which the gross investment yield was 5.36% and gross investment yield including share of profit of associates 7 was 5.45%. The comprehensive investment yield taking into account the current net fair value 8 was 8.56%. In 2014, the Company thoroughly implemented the “innovation-driven development strategy”. The Company stepped up the efforts in developing innovative products, and launched 41 new products, including a cancer insurance product. The Company received industrial awards for 6 of these 41 new products. The Company innovated the sales modes with the strategy of innovating product portfolios and effectively promoted the sales of its major products. The Company achieved quick development and value enhancement of regular premiums of long-term insurance business by innovating sales methods and reinforcing customer relation management through various customer value-added activities. The Company made great efforts in channel innovation and carried out pilot program of direct sales over the counter, which generated over RMB3 billion of premiums from the sale of new policies over the counters in all branches of the Company. With the smooth implementation of innovation in services and technology, the internet technology has been increasingly applied in the Company’s businesses. For example, the E-customer Service with on-line services and the mobile phone app services as its core was launched, and the electronic policies for the short-term insurance business were adopted; the number of E-China Life users reached 710,000 and the number of registered users of Cloud Assistant reached 470,000. With the launch of a smart claim settlement platform, the average claim settlement efficiency was increased by 8.9%. The Company further improved its service by pushing forward the pilot program of “95519” call center consolidation and optimized its operation management model by carrying out the centralized pilot programs in “two-core” regions, improved customer experience by organizing service experience activities and optimizing 58 service processes. By Including debt investment plans, trust schemes, project asset-backed plans, asset-backed securities and specialized asset management plans. Net investment yield = (Investment income + Net income from investment properties – Business tax and extra charges for investment) / ((Investment assets at the beginning of the period + Investment assets at the end of the period) / 2) Gross investment yield including share of profit of associates and joint ventures = (Investment income + Net realised gains/ (losses) and impairment on financial assets + Net fair value gains/(losses) through profit or loss + Total income from investment properties – Business tax and extra charges for investment + Share of profit of associates and joint ventures) / ((Investment assets at the beginning of the period + Investments in associates and joint ventures at the beginning of the period + Investment assets at the end of the period + Investments in associates and joint ventures at the end of the period) / 2) Comprehensive investment yield = (Investment income + Net realised gains/(losses) and impairment on financial assets + Net fair value gains/(losses) through profit or loss + Current net fair value changes of available-for-sale securities recognized in other comprehensive income + Total income from investment properties – Business tax and extra charges for investment) / ((Investment assets at the beginning of the period + Investment assets at the end of the period) / 2) accelerating the mechanism innovation in investment management, the Company made breakthroughs in market- oriented entrusted investment management for Chinese domestic and overseas market. 15 domestic and 8 overseas professional investment management institutions, which were selected in the first round by the Company to manage different types of investment portfolios, generated periodical results. The Company continuously complied with Section 404 of the U.S. Sarbanes-Oxley Act. Meanwhile, it implemented procedures for the compliance with standard systems of corporate internal control by following the “Standard Regulations on Corporate Internal Control” and the “Implementation Guidelines for Corporate Internal Control” jointly issued by five PRC ministries including the Ministry of Finance and the “Basic Standards of Internal Control for Insurance Companies” issued by the CIRC. In addition, the Company benchmarked its internal control system to the “Internal Control-Integrated Framework (2013)” issued by the U.S. Committee of Sponsoring Organizations (COSO) in order to adapt to new framework requirements. The Company continuously complied with the “Guidelines for the Implementation of Comprehensive Risk Management of Personal Insurance Companies” issued by the CIRC, improved the comprehensive risk management framework, reinforced the mechanism of “top-down” transmission for its risk preference system, implemented the work in relation to risk monitoring and risk early-warning classification management, conducted quantitative analysis of operating risk management, and improved its precaution capability in key risk areas. For the year ended 31 December Net premiums earned Life insurance business Health insurance business Accident insurance business Investment income Net realised gains and impairment on financial assets Net fair value gains/(losses) through profit or loss Other income Total During the Reporting Period, net premiums earned from life insurance business decreased by 1.8% from 2013. This was primarily due to the Company’s proactive control on the single premiums volume and a decrease in the renewal premiums earned. During the Reporting Period, net premiums earned from health insurance business increased by 34.9% from 2013. This was primarily due to the Company’s enhanced efforts in developing health insurance business. During the Reporting Period, net premiums earned from accident insurance business increased by 20.3% from 2013. This was primarily due to the Company’s enhanced efforts in adjusting business structure, implementing active financial policies, strengthening team building and motivating local branches’ initiatives in business expansion. Gross written premiums categorized by business: For the year ended 31 December Life Insurance Business First-year business Single First-year regular Renewal business Health Insurance Business First-year business Single First-year regular Renewal business Accident Insurance Business First-year business Single First-year regular Renewal business Total Gross written premiums categorized by channel: For the year ended 31 December Exclusive Individual Agent Channel First-year business of long-term insurance Single First-year regular Renewal business Short-term insurance business Group Insurance Channel First-year business of long-term insurance Single First-year regular Renewal business Short-term insurance business Bancassurance Channel First-year business of long-term insurance Single First-year regular Renewal business Short-term insurance business First-year business of long-term insurance Single First-year regular Renewal business Short-term insurance business Total Notes: Other channels mainly include supplementary major medical insurance business, telephone sales, etc. The Company’s channel premium breakdown was presented based on the separate groups of sales personnels including exclusive individual agent team, direct sales representatives, bancassurance sales team, and other distribution channels. For the year ended 31 December Investment income from securities at fair value through profit or loss Investment income from available-for-sale securities Investment income from held-to-maturity securities Investment income from bank deposits Investment income from loans Other investment income Total During the Reporting Period, investment income from securities at fair value through profit or loss increased by 8.8% from 2013. This was primarily due to an increase in interest income from debt securities at fair value through profit or loss. During the Reporting Period, investment income from available-for-sale securities increased by 17.5% from 2013. This was primarily due to an increase in dividend income from available-for-sale funds and interest income from available-for-sale debt securities. During the Reporting Period, investment income from held-to-maturity securities increased by 12.3% from 2013. This was primarily due to an increase in interest income resulting from the Company’s increased allocation in high-grade credit bonds and financial bonds in light of market conditions. During the Reporting Period, investment income from bank deposits increased by 6.9% from 2013. This was primarily due to a slight increase in the allocation volume of ordinary term deposits. During the Reporting Period, investment income from loans increased by 41.0% from 2013. This was primarily due to an increase in the volume of policy loans and the Company’s increased allocation in diversified investments such as the debt investment plans and trust schemes. During the Reporting Period, net realised gains and impairment on financial assets increased by 22.9% from 2013. This was primarily due to a decrease in impairment losses of available-for-sale stocks and an increase in spread income from trading funds. During the Reporting Period, net fair value gains/(losses) through profit or loss increased by 4,139.4% from 2013. This was primarily due to a significant increase in the allocation of securities at fair value through profit or loss and an increase in the market value of these securities. During the Reporting Period, other income decreased by 3.2% from 2013, remaining stable. For the year ended 31 December Insurance benefits and claims expenses Life insurance business Health insurance business Accident insurance business Investment contract benefits Policyholder dividends resulting from participation in profits Underwriting and policy acquisition costs Finance costs Administrative expenses Other expenses Statutory insurance fund contribution Total During the Reporting Period, insurance benefits and claims expenses attributable to life insurance business decreased by 1.7% from 2013. This was primarily due to a decrease in maturities payable of life insurance business. During the Reporting Period, insurance benefits and claims expenses attributable to health insurance business increased by 49.0% from 2013. This was primarily due to an increase in the volume of health insurance business. During the Reporting Period, insurance benefits and claims expenses attributable to accident insurance business increased by 20.9% from 2013. This was primarily due to an increase in the volume of accident insurance business. During the Reporting Period, investment contract benefits increased by 7.7% from 2013. This was primarily due to an increase in the volume of certain investment contracts. During the Reporting Period, policyholder dividends resulting from participation in profits increased by 35.0% from 2013. This was primarily due to an increase in investment yields for the participating products. During the Reporting Period, underwriting and policy acquisition costs increased by 5.7% from 2013. This was primarily due to an increase in underwriting costs for first-year regular premium business resulting from an improvement in the Company’s business structure. During the Reporting Period, finance costs increased by 17.2% from 2013. This was primarily due to an increase in interest payments for securities sold under agreements to repurchase. During the Reporting Period, administrative expenses increased by 2.5% from 2013. This was primarily due to an effective curb on administrative expenses growth resulting from the Company’s enhanced efforts in cost control. During the Reporting Period, other expenses increased by 7.4% from 2013. This was primarily due to an increase in business taxes and surcharges expenses resulting from an increase in taxable income from investment. For the year ended 31 December Life insurance business Health insurance business Accident insurance business Other business Total During the Reporting Period, profit before income tax in life insurance business increased by 39.1% from 2013. This was primarily due to an increase in investment yield. During the Reporting Period, profit before income tax in health insurance business increased by 18.7% from 2013. This was primarily due to an increase in business volume and investment yield. During the Reporting Period, profit before income tax in accident insurance business increased by 154.3% from 2013. This was primarily due to an increase in business volume and an improvement in business quality. During the Reporting Period, profit before income tax in other business increased by 21.8% from 2013. This was primarily due to an increase in investment yield of subsidiaries and net profits of associates. During the Reporting Period, income tax of the Company was RMB7,888 million, a 77.5% increase from 2013. This was primarily due to the combined effect of taxable income and deferred tax. In response to favorable market opportunities for health insurance and accident insurance businesses in recent years, the Company has increased its efforts in developing health insurance and accident insurance businesses. In particular, the health insurance business has been growing rapidly and the income generated from health insurance business has increased gradually as a percentage of the Company’s gross written premiums. Meanwhile, the income derived from the previously reported group life insurance, short-term insurance and supplementary major medical insurance segments represented an insignificant percentage of the Company’s gross written premiums. In order to better reflect the changes in the Company’s external environment, its business structure and the objectives of its future development, as well as providing the report readers with more useful information, the Company has realigned the composition of its reporting segments by changing the previously reported individual life insurance, group life insurance, short-term insurance, supplementary major medical insurance and other segments into four newly identified segments, namely life insurance, health insurance, accident insurance and other. The Company’s management has conducted analysis and evaluation on the operating results based on the new reporting segments in 2014. For a detailed discussion, please refer to our financial statements. During the Reporting Period, net profit attributable to equity holders of the Company was RMB32,211 million, a 30.1% increase from 2013. This was primarily due to the increase in investment yield and the change of discount rate assumption of reserves of traditional insurance contracts. As at 31 As at 31 December 2014 December 2013 Investment assets Term deposits Held-to-maturity securities Available-for-sale securities Securities at fair value through profit or loss Securities purchased under agreements to resell Cash and cash equivalents Loans Statutory deposits – restricted Investment properties Other assets Total As at the end of the Reporting Period, term deposits increased by 3.9% from the end of 2013. This was primarily due to the increased allocation volume of ordinary term deposits. As at the end of the Reporting Period, held-to-maturity securities increased by 2.8% from the end of 2013. This was primarily due to the increased allocation in high-grade credit bonds and financial bonds in light of market conditions. As at the end of the Reporting Period, available-for-sale securities increased by 23.6% from the end of 2013. This was primarily due to the increased allocation in high-grade credit bonds and funds in light of market conditions. As at the end of the Reporting Period, securities at fair value through profit or loss increased by 55.2% from the end of 2013. This was primarily due to the increased allocation in common stocks at fair value through profit or loss. As at the end of the Reporting Period, cash and cash equivalents increased by 120.5% from the end of 2013. This was primarily due to the needs for liquidity management. As at the end of the Reporting Period, loans increased by 40.3% from the end of 2013. This was primarily due to an increase in policy loans volume and the increased allocation in diversified investments such as debt investment plans and trust schemes. As at the end of the Reporting Period, investment properties decreased by 3.5% from the end of 2013. This was primarily due to a depreciation of the investment properties. As at the end of the Reporting Period, our investment assets are categorized as below in terms of asset classes: As at 31 December 2014 As at 31 December 2013 Amount Percentage Amount Fixed-maturity investments Term deposits Bonds Equity investments Common stocks Funds Investment properties Total Notes: Insurance asset management products under fixed-maturity investments include infrastructure and real estate debt investment plans and project asset-backed plans. Other fixed-maturity investments include policy loans, trust schemes, statutory deposits – restricted, etc. Other equity investments include private equity funds, unlisted equities, equity investment plans, etc. Cash, cash equivalents and others include cash and cash equivalents and securities purchased under agreements to resell. As at 31 As at 31 December 2014 December 2013 Insurance contracts Investment contracts Securities sold under agreements to repurchase Policyholder dividends payable Annuity and other insurance balances payable Interest-bearing loans and borrowings Bonds payable Deferred tax liabilities Other liabilities Total As at the end of the Reporting Period, insurance contracts liabilities increased by 7.3% from the end of 2013. This was primarily due to the accumulation of insurance liabilities from new insurance business and renewal business. As at the date of the statement of financial position, the Company’s insurance contracts reserves passed liability adequacy testing. As at the end of the Reporting Period, account balance of investment contracts increased by 11.0% from the end of 2013. This was primarily due to an increase in the volume of certain investment contracts. As at the end of the Reporting Period, securities sold under agreements to repurchase increased by 125.6% from the end of 2013. This was primarily due to the needs for liquidity management. As at the end of the Reporting Period, policyholder dividends payable increased by 50.9% from the end of 2013. This was primarily due to an increase in investment yields for participating products. As at the end of the Reporting Period, annuity and other insurance balances payable increased by 10.5% from the end of 2013. This was primarily due to an increase in maturities payable. In June 2014, to meet the needs of overseas investment, one of the Company’s subsidiaries applied for a fixed-interest rate bank loan of GBP275 million with a term of five years. As at the end of the Reporting Period, the loan balance was RMB2,623 million. As at the end of the Reporting Period, bonds payable remained stable from the end of 2013. This was primarily due to the fact that no subordinated debts were issued by the Company in 2014. As at the end of the Reporting Period, deferred tax liabilities increased by 293.9% from the end of 2013. This was primarily due to an increase in the fair value of the available-for-sale financial assets. As at the end of the Reporting Period, equity holders’ equity was RMB284,121 million, a 29.0% increase from the end of 2013. This was primarily due to the combined effect of an increase in the fair value of available-for-sale financial assets and the profit gains during the Reporting Period. Our principal cash inflows come from insurance premiums, deposits from investment contracts, proceeds from sales and maturity of financial assets, and investment income. The primary liquidity risks with respect to these cash inflows are the risk of early withdrawals by contract holders and policyholders, as well as the risks of default by debtors, interest rate changes and other market volatilities. We closely monitor and manage these risks. Our cash and bank deposits can provide us with a source of liquidity to meet normal cash outflows. As at the end of the Reporting Period, the amount of cash and cash equivalents was RMB47,034 million. In addition, substantially all of our term deposits with banks allow us to withdraw funds on deposit, subject to a penalty interest charge. As at the end of the Reporting Period, the amount of term deposits was RMB690,156 million. Our investment portfolio also provides us with a source of liquidity to meet unexpected cash outflows. We are also subject to market liquidity risk due to the large size of our investments in some of the markets in which we invest. In some circumstances, some of our holdings of investment securities may be large enough to have an influence on the market value. These factors may limit our ability to sell these investments or sell them at a fair price. Our principal cash outflows primarily relate to the payables for the liabilities associated with our various life insurance, annuity, accident insurance and health insurance products, operating expenses, income taxes and dividends that may be declared and paid to our equity holders. Cash outflows arising from our insurance activities primarily relate to benefit payments under these insurance products, as well as payments for policy surrenders, withdrawals and loans. We believe that our sources of liquidity are sufficient to meet our current cash requirements. For the year ended 31 December Net cash inflow from operating activities Net cash outflow from investing activities Net cash inflow/(outflow) from financing activities Foreign currency gains/(losses) on cash and cash equivalents Net increase/(decrease) in cash and cash equivalents We have established a cash flow testing system, and conduct regular tests to monitor the cash inflows and outflows under various changing circumstances and adjust accordingly the asset portfolio to ensure sufficient sources of liquidity. During the Reporting Period, net cash inflow from operating activities increased by 14.6% from 2013. This was primarily due to an increase in cash flows from policyholders’ investment. Net cash outflow from investing activities increased by 15.0% from 2013. This was primarily due to the needs for investment management. The change in net cash flow from financing activities was primarily due to the needs for liquidity management. The solvency ratio of an insurance company is a measure of capital adequacy, which is calculated by dividing the actual capital of the company (which is its admitted assets less admitted liabilities, determined in accordance with relevant rules) by the minimum capital it is required to meet. The following table shows our solvency ratio as at the end of the Reporting Period: As at 31 As at 31 December 2014 December 2013 Actual capital Minimum capital Solvency ratio The Company’s solvency ratio increased due to a significant increase in the comprehensive income during the Reporting Period. The Company has the advantage of very strong brand recognition. It is the only life insurance company in China with shares listed on the Shanghai Stock Exchange, the Hong Kong Stock Exchange and the New York Stock Exchange. It is also a core member of China Life Insurance (Group) Company which is one of the “Fortune Global 500” and the “World’s 500 Most Influential Brands”. In 2014, the brand of China Life has been ranked as one of the “World’s 500 Most Influential Brands” published by World Brand Lab for eight consecutive years. The brand was also ranked as No. 5 on the “China’s 500 Most Valuable Brands” list, with brand value estimated at RMB174,536 million, continuously ranking No.1 among the insurance industry. The Company has an extensive services and distribution network in China, with its business outlets and services counters covering both urban and rural areas. The 743,000 exclusive individual agents, 19,000 direct sales representatives, 61,000 intermediary bancassurance outlets and 71,000 sales representatives at those bancassurance outlets form a unique distribution and services network in China, and make the Company the life insurance service provider closest to the customers. Making use of internationally leading information technology and expanding telephone, Internet, email and other electronic service channels, the Company strives to meet customer demand for purchasing insurance products through multiple channels. The Company has the most extensive customer base. As at 31 December 2014, the Company had approximately 197 million long-term individual and group life insurance policies, annuity contracts and long-term health insurance policies in force. The Company possesses great financial strength. As at 31 December 2014, the registered capital of the Company was RMB28,265 million. The total assets of the Company reached RMB2,246,567 million, which ranked No.1 in China’s life insurance industry. As at the end of 2014, the total market capitalization of the Company was US$143,865 million, which ranked No.2 among all listed insurance companies in the world. The Company is one of the largest institutional investors in China, and through its controlling shareholding in China Life Asset Management Company Limited, the Company is the largest insurance asset management company in China. As at 31 December 2014, the investment assets reached RMB2,100,870 million, an increase of 13.6% from the end of 2013. The Company has rich experience in life insurance management. The predecessor of China Life was the first enterprise to underwrite life insurance business in China, and played the role of an explorer and pioneer in China’s life insurance industry. During the long course of its development, the Company has accumulated a wealth of experience in operation and management, has a stable, professional management team, and has become well versed in the art of management in China’s life insurance market. Registered China Life Asset Management Company Management and utilization of proprietary funds; acting as agent or trustee for asset management business; consulting business relevant to the above businesses; other assets management business China Life Pension Group pension insurance and annuity; individual pension insurance and annuity; short-term health insurance; accident insurance; reinsurance of the above insurance businesses; business for the use of insurance funds that are permitted by applicable PRC laws and regulations; other business 70.74% is held by the Company, and 3.53% is China Life Property and Casualty Insurance Property loss insurance; liability insurance; credit insurance and bond insurance; short-term health insurance and accident insurance; reinsurance of the above insurance businesses; business for the use of insurance funds that are permitted by applicable PRC laws and regulations; other Note: On 31 December 2014, the CIRC approved an application made by Pension Company in relation to the change of its registered capital, as a result of which the paid-in capital of Pension Company was changed from RMB2,500 million to RMB3,400 million. As at 31 December 2014, Pension Company did not complete all formalities relation to the change of registration with the department in charge of industrial and commercial administration and its registered capital remained at RMB2,500 million. The Company made a capital injection in Pension Company in the amount of RMB441 million. Upon completion of the capital increase, the shareholding percentage of the Company in Pension Company was changed from 87.4% to 70.74%, whereas the shareholding percentage of AMC in Pension Company was changed from 4.8% to 3.53%. Pension Company has completed its formalities in relation to the change of registration with the department in charge of industrial and commercial administration on 15 January 2015. During the Reporting Period, the Company had neither raised capital nor used capital raised in the previous periods. The Company had not invested in any major projects with non-raised capital, the total investments of which were over 10% of the audited equity holder’s equity as at the end of the previous year. In 2015, the Company intends to strengthen its in-depth analysis of macro-economic trends and complex risk factors to maintain its continuous and healthy growth. The major risk factors which may have an impact on the Company’s future development strategy and business objectives include: In 2015, the world economy will remain in the period of in-depth adjustments with insufficient momentum for recovery. As the impact of non-economical factors, such as geopolitics, intensifies, greater fluctuation will be seen in the international financial market, which will cause increased uncertainties. China’s economic development is at the stage of “superimposition of three periods”, enters the “new normal” state, and is evolving into a stage with more advanced patterns, more sophisticated division of work and more reasonable structures. Changes in international and domestic markets will be transferred to the insurance industry through multiple channels such as the real economy, financial markets and consumer demands, which will in turn affect the business development, use of funds and solvency in various aspects, and increase the difficulties and pressures for the insurance industry to adapt to and lead the “new normal” state. China’s insurance industry remains at a significant stage with significant strategic opportunities. At this stage, the form of development of the insurance industry is in urgent need of change as financial reform enters into a new stage, market-oriented interest rate reform accelerates, market-oriented premium rate reform moves forward steadily, trend of mixed financial operations becomes increasingly apparent and technologies such as Internet and big data penetrate deeply. The industry shall actively take part in trans- boundary competitions and achieve transformation and upgrade while reinforcing the traditional insurance advantages. Affected by these factors, the Company is experiencing more difficulties in maintaining steady business growth, as well as facing more uncertainties and complexities. Due to factors such as investment income, it may be more difficult for the Company to improve its operational results, which may in turn cause more irregular policy surrenders. Meanwhile, factors such as relatively slow growth of the sales force and its high turnover rate may also adversely affect the business development of the Company. In light of the complexity of the domestic and international economies, the uncertain financial markets may adversely affect the Company’s investment income and the book value of its assets. In addition, with the gradual expansion of the investment scope for insurance funds, the Company may invest some of its insurance funds through new investment channels, utilize new investment vehicles or appoint new investment management entity, which may have an impact on its investment income and the book value of its assets. Moreover, some of the Company’s assets are held in foreign currencies, which may be adversely affected by exchange rate movements if the exchange rate of Renminbi continues to appreciate. In 2015, the Company intends to constantly implement the “innovation-driven development strategy” in great depth, reinforces the business philosophy of “focusing on value, enhancing personnel, optimizing structure, and maintaining growth” and implements the operational strategies of “strengthening benchmarks and focusing on breakthroughs” to improve the Company’s sustainable development capability and core competence by strengthening confidence, capturing opportunities, making pioneering efforts and acting proactively. Given the above mentioned risk factors, the Company intends to firmly adhere to its core development objectives, and fine-tune its business development objectives in accordance with market trends to an appropriate degree, so as to efficiently respond to challenges from market competitors and changes in the external environment. Meanwhile, the Company intends to focus on innovation in mechanisms, building of sales force, innovation in products, services and technology, in order to constantly enhance its vitality, creativity, competitiveness and capacity for sustainable development. The Company believes that it will have sufficient capital to meet its insurance business expenditures and general new investment needs in 2015. At the same time, the Company will make corresponding arrangements in accordance with the capital market conditions to further implement its future business development strategies if there is any further capital requirement. 