The growth of the PRC’s GDP continues to slow down, with a year- on-year growth rate decreased to 6.9% in 2015. Slowed economic growth has become a new norm. Each industry is facing the pressure of structural adjustment and transformation. The PRC’s food and beverage industry is impacted by the overall economy, showing a slowed growth or negative growth. Consumers’ preferences are also quickly shifting. The zero-sum competition between different products or different types of product is very significant. Only with an understanding of the market trend can the Group succeed in the industrial structural adjustment and take the opportunity to create a future market. The Group closely upholds the idea of innovative research and brand promotion. In 2015, under the pressure of a slowing economy, the Group endeavored to develop by innovation and successfully adjusted its product structure and increased the proportion of products with high gross profits. As a result, the Group’s profitability is substantially increased. The performance of the main business of the Group is as follows: For the year ended 31 December 2015 (the “Year”), the Group recorded a revenue of RMB22,101.9 million, representing a decrease of approximately 1.7% from RMB22,487.7 million of 2014. Revenue from the instant noodles business decreased by 4.9%, and revenue from the beverages products business slightly increased by 0.3%, standing at RMB7,567.4 million and RMB14,051.1 million respectively, accounting for 34.2% and 63.6% respectively of the Group’s total revenue. During the Year, gross profit of the Group increased by 11.4% from RMB7,308.4 million of the corresponding period last year to RMB8,140.7 million while gross profit margin increased by 4.3 percentage point from 32.5% for the corresponding period of last year to 36.8%, which were mainly due to the increase in the share of sales in high gross profit margin products of the Group and decrease in bulk purchase prices of raw materials. During the Year, share of profits of investments accounted for using the equity method increased 32.8% to RMB112.9 million (2014: RMB85 million). Operating profit was RMB1,031.5 million for the Year, substantially increasing by 177.4% from the operating profit of RMB371.9 million for 2014. During the Year, profit attributable to equity holders of the Company was RMB834.5 million, representing an increase of 192.3% as compared with RMB285.5 million of the corresponding period last year, which were mainly attributable to the effective operation efforts and enhancement in competitive power of our products, as well as decrease in bulk purchase prices of raw materials. Earnings per share during the Year were RMB19.32 cents (2014: RMB7.18 cents). During the Year, in light of the effective efforts of the Group in utilising marketing resources as well as the precision in positioning our brands and placing our channel resources in relation to launching new products, the selling and marketing expenses slightly increased by 0.4% to RMB6,320.5 million (2014: RMB6,294.8 million). During the Year, administrative expenses amounted to RMB1,015.6 million (2014: RMB967.8 million), an increase of 4.9% compared to the corresponding period last year, which was mainly due to a corresponding increase in surtaxes (such as urban maintenance and construction tax) resulting from the increase in gross profit margin of the Group, but still falls within the expectation of the management. Since the overall economic growth is slowing down, in 2015 the Group’s instant noodles business recorded a revenue of RMB7,567.4 million, representing a decrease of 4.9% as compared with the corresponding period last year. Amid the sluggish market, the Group leverages on our major competitive advantage of “innovation through thinking ” and insists on the strategy of “value-based marketing ”, so as to gradually overcome the difficulty of low prices and product similarity, and to seek more market opportunities of in markets of high added values, and to promote long-term sustainable development through innovations. In 2015, the fall of prices of the main raw materials of instant noodles, coupled with the Group’s continuous efforts in product structure adjustments, resulted in the gradual increase in the sales ratio of high-priced instant noodles, hence increasing the gross profit margin of the instant noodles business by 4.7% as compared with the corresponding period last year. With regards to the market share and brand reputation aspects, data from Nielsen indicates that the Group’s performance continues to improve, and recorded a market share of 18.3% in 2015. Market ” established its number one status among the brands. Market share of “Soup Daren ” experienced a sharp increase, resulting in the Group taking the first place in the market of high-priced instant noodles brands selling at over RMB5 in 2015 (Nielsen’s data). According to the “Research Report on the Online Reputation of Instant Noodle Brands ” for the third quarter of 2015 released by the Big Data Research Laboratory of China Statistics Information Service Center, the instant noodles of the Group has received the title of the best Internet word of mouth among the instant noodle brands for three consecutive years. As the leading product of the pickled cabbage products category, we insisted on perfecting the experience of sourness and crunchiness for our products under the “Uni-President Lao Tan Pickled Cabbage ” series, and implemented a comprehensive upgrade on the product with a rich combination of vegetables and meat dices, bringing double enjoyment in both sight and taste for our consumers, reinforcing its image as the most authentic and delicious instant noodles brand in the minds of our consumers. During the Lunar New Year holidays of 2015, the Group cooperated with Mango TV, an influential TV station in the PRC, to launch a promotional event, during which every buyer of our products was rewarded with a VIP ticket for 7 days of free viewing, which was well received and participated eagerly by the consumers. Meanwhile, the Group continued to hold the “authentic as you see it ” pickled cabbage plant site-visits, allowing more and more consumers to experience the fermentation artistry of traditional pickled cabbage in person. In the new commercial video clip “Crafts Episode ”, “Uni-President Lao Tan Pickled Cabbage ” continued to be presented in a humorous style, in which the sound of fermentation “Gu-lu Gu-lu ” was composed into a symphony to communicate the core idea that the authentic traditional pickled cabbage “can breathe and become more sour and crunchy ” during the fermentation process. In terms of our media mix, “Uni-President Lao Tan Pickled Cabbage ” has substantially increased the use of new media in response to the choice of media of younger consumers, so as to fully utilize the new media to better interact with our consumers. “Soup Daren ” has maintained a double-digits rapid growth in the Year. The Group continued to pursue the “Daren ” spirit and strive for perfection of our products, and continued to optimize the undertone taste, giving the enjoyable sensation of “Bottoms- up for the Nourishing Soup ” to our consumers. The Group has placed intensive commercials on the first-tier satellite TV stations and video hosting websites with the new advertisement clip with a view to promote the reputation of “Soup Daren ”. On the other hand, based on the detailed observation on our consumers, and the promotion of the brand’s notion of “Soup Makes Good Noodles ” through buzz marketing tactics, the Group conducted in-depth communication with our consumers, and showed the brand’s care towards the community. In order to meet the consumers’ demand in brand-oriented, customized, diversified and high-end products, the Group has introduced a series of innovative brands and formed a 2.0 brand combination together with “Soup Daren ”, among which “The Champion ” further cooperated with “China’s time- honored brand ” “Mazilu ” under the brand positioning of “Famous Shop, Famous Noodles ”, and introduced gift set products, focusing on core cities and the core flavor of “Lanzhou Beef Noodles ” which form the solid basis for the brand’s development. Instant noodles are associated with the negative image of being “unhealthy ”, “unnutritious ” and “unsafe ”. Under such market environment, our “Light Noodle ” products revolutionize the consumers’ perceptions towards instant noodles, ” with little burden, by the characteristics of “no ”, “no traditional powder and sauce bags 、 ” and “vegetable infused noodles ” of our products. The product is positioned within the RMB5 price- tag cup noodle group on the market which enjoys a promising prospect. It is also the first brand among the instant noodles segment to be packaged in couples’ cups, which attracted the attention of young men and women, and was well received once launched in the section of first-tier cities. In 2016, the ” brand in major cities across the country, so as to bring an all new and innovative experience for consumers. Troubled by the negative news of instant noodles, the ever-changing consumer demands and the cross-field competition from the emerging alternative dietary products, the instant noodles industry continues to decline in recent years and is undergoing the difficult transitioning period. Year 2016 is the first year of the “Thirteenth Five-Year Plan ”. The upcoming “new norms ” of medium- to-rapid economic growth and the state’s close attention to the issue of food safety will bring new market opportunities to the entire industry. As an industry player, the Group always orients from the consumers’ interests and takes food safety as its first priority to meet the increasing consumer demands, and insists on innovative replacements, as well as proactively contributes to the revival of the industry, and to assist and lead the entire industry on to the next generation, creating a new pattern of the instant noodles industry. During the Year, revenue from the Group’s beverages business amounted to RMB14,051.1 million. The performance of each major product line is described as follows: Based on Nielsen’s data, the total sales volume of the beverage industry as a whole increased by 1.2% in 2015 as compared with the period in 2014, while the instant tea market (excluding milk tea) remained sluggish, recording a year-on-year decrease of 0.7%. The consumption trend continues to shift towards cool and healthy beverages and bottled water. However, under the impact of the slowdown of the overall economic growth, such growth has also slowed down. In 2015, the Group’s tea drinks business continued to build its ”. Coupled with the outstanding performance of the new product “Classmate Xiaoming ”, the brand structure supported by the three main pillars was formed. The total revenue in 2015 amounted to RMB5,826.3 million, representing a year-on-year increase of 5.4%, which outperformed the overall beverage sector and the tea drinks market, with its market share increased to 24.8% in 2015. “Classmate Xiaoming ” was launched on 18 March 2015, targeting the young consumer group born post-95 by introducing a special drink that resonates with them and is delicious and fun at the same time. In regards to the product itself, the drink meets the demand of the target consumers with its unique new packaging and refreshing and tasty flavor. As to the marketing effort, it was the sole sponsor of the TV show “I Am Going to School ” first aired in July, which complemented the brand through an in-depth placement. The brand also participated in a series of promotional events such as the package design competition for students, theme video broadcasting and WeChat expression packages with brand new animation figures, in order to better engage with the consumers, and to efficiently enhance the brand reputation and recognition during the peak season to boost drinks sales. Uni Green Tea ” continues the brand’s philosophy of “Experience the Nature ” and launched its integrated promotion based on the “Cycling ” experience which combined virtual cycling activities with six cycling hot spots in reality, to introduce a different kind of “Refreshing ” cycling experience to our consumers. The brand also sponsored the popular variety shows on the Sohu online video platform, so as to attract the attention of the young generation in a more distinctive way. “Uni Ice Tea ” engaged the hot teenage idol Kris Wu as our new spokesman since March 2015 who manifested the new slogan of “Uni Ice Tea ”, “Stay Young Forever ”. The brand has also launched various activities including the “Swipe Your Bottle and Get a Ride! ” and “Reborn in a 2-D World ” to interact with and engage our consumers, which became a sensation on the Internet and successfully attracted the targeted young generation consumers. In 2016, the Group’s tea drinks will continue to follow the strategy of value-based marketing as the core. Facing the changes in the market environment and consumers’ demands, our tea drinks business will be supported by the main products “Uni Ice Tea ” and “Uni Green Tea ”, and the differentiated products, i.e. “Classmate Xiaoming ” and “TeaLaTour ”, the second high-end brand of western fruit tea launched in 2016, will become the basis of our sales growth. The segmented product structure, coupled with the accentuated brand image and innovation, will enable us to face challenges head-on. “Uni Ice Tea ” in 2016 has adopted a revolutionary new look to project a younger and hipper brand image, and communicates through the channels used by the youngsters born post-95, so as to attract attention of the ” continues to improve its existing classic products, a limited edition has been launched to create new brand messages and highlight the distinction and quality of our products. The new product “Classmate Xiaoming ” remains as a hit item and will go all out to expand its coverage in 2016. The Group will launch another new product “Liuliuda Tea ” to occupy the prosperous and valuable lactobacillus market with a distinguished flavor, and rely on its scarce resources to increase the media propaganda coverage and promote brand reputation. The Group will also uses MicroBlogs, WeChat and QQ Space to form an online culture precisely aimed at the target groups. In 2015, the juice sector recorded a revenue of RMB4,277.6 million, representing an increase of 8.6% as compared with the corresponding period last year. The overall growth rate outpaced the rest of the industry. Nielsen’s data indicates that the market share of the Group’s juice went up from 13.4% in 2014 to 14.7% in 2015, representing an increase of 1.3%. In 2015, “Haizhiyan ” continued to follow its notion of “Cooling You Down ” and ”. The Group cooperated with the major media platform Youku to produce the show “90s kids, Come for the Cruise Trip 90 ” to focus on in-depth communication with the target consumers born post-90 and emphasize the close relationship between “Haizhiyan ” and the ocean, where the two complement each other to maximize the broadcasting effect. Based on subject of interest of our consumers and their routine hotspots, the Group has placed eye- catching advertisements in several major cities which incorporated strong visual images such as cruise tour landmarks and oceanic subway trains, and has become the widespread hot topic in town. “Haizhiyan ” was recognized as a Groundbreaking Innovative Product in the Nielsen Fast Moving Consumer Goods Market 2015, with the “Lemon ” and “Grapefruit ” flavors ranked number one in terms of market share among the low-concentration juices categories respectively. In 2016, the “Blackcurrant ” and “Peach ” flavors of “Haizhiyan ” will be launched, giving new has also signed on as the spokesman of the brand, thus further enriching our broadcasting content and enhancing the effect of our propaganda. “Uni More Juice Series ” maintained its notion of “More Vitamin C, More Beauty C ”and upheld the principle of value-based marketing. In 2015, the brand renewed its contract with Jang Keun-Suk , dubbed “Asian Prince”, and famous Korean actress Park Shin Hye , and employed Chinese zodiac animals as signs on the bottle and expressed the beautiful and humorous ideas through different facial expressions of the spokespersons, and popularizes the brand in a youth manner. In 2016, “Uni More Juice Series ” focuses on the operation of the brand “More Orange Juice ”, and maintained the idea of “beauty ” in expanding the brand series horizontally. The brand will launch new products of orange flavor equipped with innovative technologies and fashionable packaging to project a younger image of the brand. In 2015, “Seasonal Drinks ” closely followed the seasonal growth pattern of “Pears ”. For marketing events, it celebrated the pear flower festival in spring and held pear tree adoption and pear harvest events in fall to achieve close interaction with consumers. In 2016, “Seasonal Drinks ” will focus on upgrade of packaging, and will continue to improve the uniqueness of the stewing techniques and demonstrate its efforts in material selection. Meanwhile, through comprehensive integrated online broadcasting, the Group will launch sales events that warm people’s heart, so as to establish a warm and reliable brand image. In April 2015, the Group introduced two new products under the brand “Ruyin ” room-temperature beverages to the market: “White Fungus with Snow Pear ” and “Winter Melon & Tartary Buckwheat ”. In November 2015, it further introduced hot drinks series product “Stewed Pear with White Fungus Flavor Juice ”, “Pomelo with Honey ” and “Brown Sugar with Hot Ginger ” which rapidly expanded and occupied a share in the market of warm beverages for winter. It insists on using the Chinese way to process the natively grown fruits. During the bottle label and packaging design creativity event “China on Bottle ”, it communicated with consumers about the Chinese culture and established a brand image of “Chinese-style Fruit Drink ” which received attention of consumers. In 2016, the juice sector will continue its path of innovation. The main product “Haizhiyan ” will be available in more flavors. The “More Juice ” brand will launch the “Orange Plus PLUS ” series with the spotlight on the “Orange + Lime + Orange and Grapefruit Pulp + + ” products. “Seasonal Drinks ” will be constantly upgraded to strive internal and external beauty, in order to convey a refreshing and energetic feeling to the consumers. In terms of different juice concentration and packaging material, the ” in bottle-can containers. In addition, 100% juice products in Tetra Pak packaging will be added to the brand “Yishang ”. It meets the demands of family and personal meals in different occasions and completes the Group’s product strategy. Nielsen’s data shows that sales of the entire milk tea market declined by 20.2% in 2015 with the shift between types of goods being consumed. Under the difficult situation of the macro environment, the Group’s milk tea sector outperformed the industry with a market share of 67.8% of the year, representing an increase of 5.6 percentage points, as compared with the corresponding period last year, playing the advantageous role as number one in the market. In 2015, the Group insisted on its core ideas of communication with consumers. It took advantage of the high reputation of “Assam ” milk tea and integrated various flavors into the brand of “Uni Assam ”. It introduced the rainbow bottles derived from the brand’s story, communicated with the youth born post-90 and strengthened the brand image and the brand’s uniqueness. It promoted the idea of “Factor and Image of Good Mood ” and demonstrated “Good Mood Follows You ” together with its spokesperson Amber Kuo . It associated the brand image of “Assam ” milk tea with good mood through the optimal advertisement mix on China Central TV and satellite TV stations. With its soft placement in the online TV series “Detective Di Renjie ” and its sponsorship on the show “I Am Going to School ”, and a series of events including cooperation with the Communist Youth League of China and universities, it closely interacted with consumers. ” as an upgraded sub-brand of “Assam ”. The cute packaging design and carefully selected materials were recognized and appreciated by the consumers as soon as it was first launched on the market. The target consumer group of “Little Assam Milk Tea ” is the independent yet sociable young people born post-90. Through cooperation with Snoopy’s 65th Anniversary Movie, it introduced the brand idea of “Going Back to the Childhood of Milk Tea ”. In 2016, “Little Assam Milk Tea ” will strengthen the communication with consumers and promote the brand reputation through the theme of the year “Going Back to the Childhood of Milk In 2016, the Group’s milk tea sector will continue to promote its product competency and propaganda capacity. Apart from optimization of present packaging, it will also introduce customized new products that meet the demands of consumers from the new generation. It will continue to communicate to the consumers the image of “Good Mood Factor ” and build up the product image of “Assam ” milk tea which brings good mood, and solidify its number one status in the milk tea market and further expand the scale of the milk tea market. As the nation’s flavor preference, drinking habit and understanding towards coffee changes, the demands on coffee’s quality and fine categorization have become more and more prominent. The developing trend for instant coffee is to become more youth-friendly and to improve its quality. In order to grasp this opportunity, the Group deployed a dual-brand strategy in 2015. In addition to the existing “A-Ha ”, it introduced a new brand “Lento ” targeted at high-end coffee lovers which helped the Group to better meet the demands of different target groups. In 2015, “A-Ha ” focused on the transformation into a youth friendly brand. It fits into the present day young people’s lifestyle with a passion of communication and socialization, and introduced the brand through “drinking and chatting”. It promotes the brand idea of “Drinking the Right Flavor and Chatting Happily 、 ” which became popular among the young people. Based on the new positioning of the brand, “A-Ha ” sponsored the second season of “Let’s Talk ”, the most popular online discussion show in 2015. The slogan “Chat Happily After Drinking A-Ha ” has become popular among the young people. The new product series introduced in July 2015, “Hey Cool” and “Hey Smooth” met the demands of certain youngsters for original and cool taste of coffee as they contain low sugar, low fat and no added fragrance. In 2016, “A-Ha ” will further increase its influence on the young people by illustrating and contextualizing “drinking and chatting ” scenarios, and will continue to sponsor the third season of “Let’s Talk ” to jointly build the brand image. “Lento ” is targeted at people with higher ability to appreciate and taste coffee. With high technology, high quality and high level of convenience as its core advantages, the brand meets the consumer demand under different drinking circumstances with a diverse range of products. It is an instant coffee product made from 100% virgin extraction and refrigerated Australian condensed milk. “Lento ” also introduced hanging-drip coffee bags made from single coffee beans, which aimed to bring consumers a fresher and high quality coffee experience. With exacerbation of environmental pollution and heightened health awareness, the growth rate of bottled water sales was 5.1%, ranked number two among all soft drinks and natural mineral water achieved two digits growth rate in 2015, as demonstrated by Nielsen’s data. This indicates that the future bottled water market will develop along the line of high-end natural mineral water. Based on the market trend, the Group focused on operation of the two major brands, “ALKAQUA ” and “Bama Quan ”. In 2015, the Group’s “ALKAQUA ” advertisement had the theme “Good Feeling is Bubbling, Alkaqua is the Match ” and highlighted the idea of “Good Water, Unique Style ”. In order to attract the attention of more young consumers, the advertisement has been placed in ”with decent effects. Based on Nielsen’s data, sales of medium and high priced water have grown significantly. Hence, bottled water from better places of origin and with higher value is becoming more and more popular among consumers. In 2016, the Group will continue to promote the two major places of origin of high quality water: Bama, Guangxi, the “Longevity Village of the World ”; and Antu, Changbai Mountain, “The Original Town of Mineral Water in China ”. The Group will endeavor to provide consumers with better and healthier natural mineral water products. will be invited as the spokesperson for the main brand “ALKAQUA ” to enhance the brand’s reputation and image. The research center of the Group maintains its innovative technology advantage within the industry and is striving to develop products with high additional values to drive up consumers’ demand. In order to protect its core technologies and its intellectual properties, as of December 2015, the research center owns 22 authorized patents and has filed the application for 36 patents applications which create a protection of its technological advantage. The food research team maintains the notion of technological innovation. In August 2015, the “Light Noodle ” series was officially launched on the market. The series is developed based on the idea of “Light Diet and Low Burden ” and targets at the high-end cup noodles market for the white-collar consumer group. The noodle is made out of natural materials such as egg powder, carrot juice and green tea powder to maintain both the taste and the nutrition of the products. The soup is made from refined stew soup packs , served with abundant vegetables. Each cup of noodle contains 330 calories, which lower the burden of consumption for the consumers. The tea team developed the “Classmate Xiaoming ” series in 2015 which was aimed at the demand of young people. With the technique of “Cold Tea without Bitterness ”, the product is fresh, mellow and not bitter. The unique flavor matched with distinctive packaging designs won support of consumers, thus making the product a paradigm of the Group’s youth-friendly and fashionable products. In the aspect of juice, “Ruyin ” is made out of traditional Chinese ingredients following the Chinese ways of tea making. Its ingredient selection, condiments and crafts meet the preference of the Chinese better. After launching “Winter Melon & Tartary ”, it also launched the series of winter warm drinks targeted on the beverage market in the winter, including “Stewed Pear with White Fungus Flavor Juice ”, “Brown Sugar with Hot Ginger ” and “Pomelo with Honey ”, which bring warmth to consumers in the cold winter. As to domestic consumers’ demand for healthy and pure fruit and vegetable juices, “Wei Shi Ke ” has mixed up more than 7 kinds of fruits and vegetables in producing 100% fruit and ”, “Balanced ” and “Clear ”. The juices with rich vitamins and fiber serve as “micro-meals ” for each meal, supplementing the nutrition for busy white-collar people. The milk tea market remained shrinking in 2015. The consumers are gradually changing their demands for milk teas. The fresh and healthy milk teas are becoming more popular among white-collar people. The research teams responded to the new trend of the milk tea market and launched the “Simple Milk+Tea + ”, the “Assam Small Milk Tea (assam · )”. The two flavors, i.e. “Xiao Zhen ” and “Xiao Ye ” are made from Australian refrigerated milk. The “Pure Milk ” makes the “Smooth Tea ” which restores the fresh and fragrant milk flavors with low sugar and low fat to give a light taste and low burden, and has become the dominant brand within the milk tea market. In recent years, the coffee market has become diversified. The research team of the Group has deliberately selected Colombian coffee beans to make the “A-Ha ” and “Hey” series of coffee with low sugar and low fat and no flavor additives. With perfect match of deeply-baked beans and lightly-bake beans, the coffee is fragrant, clear and tasty. The Group insists on the principle of “Good Quality, Good Faith, Good Service and Fair Price 、 、 、 ” and provides safe, healthy and delicious food to consumers. In order to enhance the good safety management system, the Group have established the Food Safety Committee and the Food Safety Center dedicated to establish the food safety system, produce food safety policies, upgrade food risk assessments, warning and monitoring and ensure food safety. In charge of the Group’s quality management, it produces and implements quality policies and ensures product quality. The Group retains a proper regulatory mechanism for the supply chain of raw materials. It focuses on enhancing safety management of the food source from the supply chain as well as safety monitoring of finished food products. It implements review of food safety qualification, on-spot examination of suppliers’ food safety and establishes food safety monitoring mechanism for raw materials in order to ensure food quality safety monitoring from the source of the supply chain. It establishes factory qualification review and on-spot assessment mechanism. Finished products are released from factory upon strict enforcement of testing. The food safety projects for all products are closely monitored in order to ensure the safety and delicacy of the Group’s products. The Group proactively carries out source management of supplies. In addition to supplier training, it also introduces third party professional organizations to review the suppliers and help them to establish effective food safety and quality control system. The Group comprehensively introduces food safety protection scheme from product design to production and sales in order to ensure the safety and health of consumers. The Group pays close attention to various food safety incidents and timely conducts risk assessments. While improving its food safety management system, it eliminates similar raw materials and finished products related to those involved in incidents. It actively participates in relevant standards setting or amendments, gathers and publishes food safety laws and regulations as well as domestic and foreign food safety information to enhance awareness of food safety of the Group, and facilitates strict enforcement of food safety provisions and standards in order to ensure consumers’ interests. The Food Safety Testing Center under the Group passes the professional review of China National Accreditation Service for Conformity Assessment (“CNAS”) every year since 2005. So far 165 items have passed testing. Meanwhile it combines the resources of laboratory of each subsidiary and external testing institutions to cover the testing requirements. It provides professional and authoritative testing services and technical supports for the Group to ensure food safety. As of the end of 2015, 30 subsidiaries of the Group have passed ISO9001 Quality Management System, and 27 have passed ISO22000 Food Safety Management System. These certifications and honors require the Group to constantly improve its food safety and quality ensuring systems and enhance its ability to ensure food safety. Meanwhile, it also indicates that the Group not only provides delicious products to consumers, but also healthy and safety food. The Group is committed to focus on its operation, and will make continuous effort in product R&D and innovation, as well as building up brand value and establishment of sales channels, in the expectation to meet diverse demands of consumers and encourage growth of the corporation, so as to maximize profit. In addition to its own productivity, in light of centralizing the usage of resources for maximum efficiency, the Group has been cooperating with professional beverage original equipment manufacturer (“OEM”) factories (including professional OEM manufacturers who are external independent third parties and connected corporations) to form strategic alliances. As a result, on top of our basic productivity, the Group has flexibility in adjusting its productivity by outsourcing production, so that the Group’s resources can be fully and most efficiently employed on our key projects. As at 31 December 2015, the Group had cash and time deposits of RMB2,915.1 million (31 December 2014: RMB2,128.1 million), among which 78.7% were denominated in Renminbi and 21.0% were denominated in United States dollars, restricted bank deposit of RMB4.2 million (31 December 2014: Nil). During the Year, the Group mainly financed its working capital and capital expenditure by internally generated cash flows, credit facilities from principal bankers and the funds raised by issues of corporate bonds. As at 31 December 2015, the Group’s total financial liabilities was RMB4,254.3 million (31 December 2014: RMB5,836.4 million), decreased by 27.1%, among which 62.6% were repayable over one year. 90.8% of the total financial liabilities were denominated in Renminbi and the remaining 9.2% was denominated in United States dollars. The net cash position in United States dollars after deduction of liability in United States dollar is USD183.8 million. As at 31 December 2015, all of the Group’s financial liabilities bear floating interest rates, save for the RMB1,000 million notes due 2016, the RMB1,000 million notes due 2017, the RMB65 million bank borrowings due 2017, the RMB500 million notes due 2017 and the RMB500 million notes due 2019, which were at fixed interest rates of 3.5%, 3.6%, 3.4%, 3.5% and 3.9% per annum respectively. As at 31 December 2015, the Group did not have any secured bank borrowings (31 December 2014: Nil). The Group aims to maintain an appropriate capital structure. Taiwan Ratings Corporation, a credit rating agency in Taiwan, gave a long term credit rating of twAA– to the Group, with “stable” rating outlook on the Group’s long term credit rating. As at 31 December Gearing ratio (Note) Note: The gearing ratio is computed as the net debt divided by the sum of total equity and net debt. As at 31 December 2015, the Group recorded a net decrease in cash and cash equivalents of RMB330.7 million, comprising net cash inflow from operating activities of RMB3,471.4 million, net cash outflow from financing activities of RMB1,717.1 million and net cash outflow from investing activities of RMB2,098.9 million. The net cash outflow from investing activities was mainly applied to the establishment of new production base for beverage businesses, purchase of machinery and equipment to produce new products, investments in new research and development equipment, financial products, etc. During the Year, the Group’s capital expenditure amounted to RMB1,400.8 million (31 December 2014: RMB3,345.7 million). Sales to most customers are made on a delivery on payment basis. Trade receivables are generated from credit sales to credit customers from modern channels (including but not limited to food and groceries stores, stalls and department stores) with credit terms normally ranging from 60 to 90 days. During the Year, as the number of our credit sales clients increased, net trade receivables increased by RMB41.8 million to RMB529.2 million (31 December 2014: RMB487.4 million). The Group’s trade payables mainly arose from credit purchase of raw materials, and the inventories mainly comprised raw materials, packaging materials, finished goods and low-value consumables. As sales of the finished products continued its good run, the Group increased its inventories of raw materials for production in preparation of the Lunar New Year, resulting in an increase in trade payables by RMB174.8 million to RMB1,229.0 million (31 December 2014: RMB1,054.2 million), while the inventories increased by RMB238.4 million from the last corresponding period to RMB1,367.7 million (31 December 2014: RMB1,129.3 million). The following table sets out the major turnover days during the year ended 31 December in the past 2 years. The Group adhered to the principle of financial prudence. It sought to control risk variables and moved forward prudently by moderately adjusting its selling and marketing expenses according to market condition, and made appropriate capital expenditures to optimize and expand the basic infrastructure. The Group’s finance department has formulated financial risk management policies based on the policies and procedures approved by the Board and guided by the executive directors. These policies are reviewed by the Group’s internal audit department regularly. The Group’s financial policy aims at reducing impacts of interest rate and exchange rate fluctuations on the Group’s overall financial position, as well as minimizing the Group’s financial risk exposure. The Group’s finance department provides centralized financial risk (including interest rate and foreign exchange risk) and cash flow management, and cost-effective funding for the Group and its members. During the Year, to strengthen regional concentration of transactional working region, improve work efficiency and operational focus and strengthen regional financial analysis functions, the Group has established a regional finance center and a regional settlement center in the Southern and Eastern china regions in 2015, with a view to improving capital efficiency and accounting treatment effectiveness. It is the Group’s treasury management policy not to engage in any highly leveraged or speculative derivative products and not to invest the working capital in financial products with significant underlying leverage or risk, including hedge funds or similar instruments. The Group continued to adopt a conservative approach to financial risk management with no significant borrowings during the Year. Most of the Group’s currency of receipt and payment is denominated in Renminbi since majority of its revenues are derived from operations in China. The Group may be exposed to foreign exchange risk arising from future borrowings from overseas and some of its recognized assets or liabilities, such as cash and cash equivalents and borrowings, which are denominated in other currencies. The Group uses foreign exchange forward contracts outside China, when appropriate, for risk management and to control the Group’s assets and liabilities when interest or exchange rates are uncertain or fluctuating, or whenever suitable. The Group did not have any material contingent liabilities as at 31 December 2015. In 2016, the Group will continue to serve the long-term interest of its shareholders. Facing the quick transformation of consumption, the Group understands the market trend and strives to win support of consumers with differentiated, high-quality and fashionable products and seize opportunities to expand the market size of the Group. The Group will strictly enforce quality control at each stage to ensure the products meet the safety standard. Despite the slowing economic growth, the Group will efficiently utilize resources and increase business earnings to create higher value for shareholders. On 31 December 2015, the Group has a total of 33,619 employees. Facing the enormous commercial opportunities in the PRC’s beverage and food market, the Group will continue to recruit professional talents. On selection and retention of personnel, the Group has adopted a more practical and efficient way to meet the demand for human resources. The Group provides the new entry- level employees with timely training and humanitarian care to let them quickly adapt to the group. Meanwhile, the Group both openly promotes outstanding employees internally and recruits outstanding talents externally to maintain competency of the Group. It nourishes talents for companies’ senior positions through advanced training, organized position rotation and continued education to meet the Group’s demand for advanced personnel. The Group’s remuneration policies are based on performance, qualification and ability of its employees and directors, together with comparable market data and the Group’s performance. As to the Group’s remuneration policies, the Group has entered into individual employment contracts with its employees involving salary, allowance, social welfare, employee benefit, work safety, healthy environment, obligation of keeping commercial secret and termination conditions. Other than the employment contracts with intermediate and senior management personnel, such employment contract has a term for 1 to 3 years. The probationary period for new employees is 2 months. This year, the total employee cost (including Director’s fees) is RMB3,164.7 million (2014: RMB3,028.7 million). 