The Group is a well-established digital OOH media company in Hong Kong and Singapore, with an operating history since April 2004. It had pioneered the concept of creating a sizeable network of flat-panel displays in elevator lobbies of office and commercial buildings to sell advertisement. In terms of the number of venues in which the Group deploys its branded flat-panel displays, the Group is the largest digital OOH media company in Hong Kong and Singapore. Business Review (Continued) The number of venues in which the Group deployed its branded flat-panel displays continued to experience growth which allowed the Group to increase the advertising rates offered to its advertisers. The table below shows the growth of the Group’s network size: In-store Network (Mannings) In-store Network (Watsons) As of 31 December 2015, the Group has deployed its branded flat-panel displays at 1,132 office and commercial buildings in Hong Kong and Singapore under its Office & Commercial Building digital OOH media network, at 197 residential apartments in Hong Kong under its Residential Complex digital OOH media network, and at 250 Mannings retail chain-stores in Hong Kong and 74 Watsons retail chain-stores in Singapore under its In-store digital OOH media network. Under its Static OOH Billboard media network, the Group continues to hold the exclusive advertising sales rights to both the Tsim Sha Tsui (“TST”) Interchange Subways and the Middle Road Subway (total three subways); this underground transport hub beneath one of the busiest tourists and business districts in Hong Kong connects the TST MTR station and the East TST MTR station. In addition, the Group continues to hold the exclusive advertising sales rights to the billboard along the super-long pedestrian walkway leading to Knutsford Terrace at TST. Knutsford Terrace has been dubbed the “Lan Kwai Fong” of Kowloon, a popular dining/nightlife place and an entertainment hub in the heart of TST, with a strip of international/local restaurants and bars catering to both locals and tourists. As for the large format LED OOH media network, the Group continues to hold the exclusive operating and advertising sales rights to the mega-size LED screen at One Raffles Place (“ORP”), fronting Raffles Green; ORP is one of the three tallest buildings in Singapore and is a beacon in the heart of Singapore’s financial district. As well, the Group continues to hold the exclusive advertising sales rights (for static and digital) to the new walkway at Orchard Gateway. It forms part of the underpass that links directly to the Somerset MRT station and also to both sides of Orchard Road. Orchard Gateway is the one-and-only shopping mall that straddles both sides of Orchrd Road and is linked by a glass tubular bridge and an underpass — forming a “gateway” to the bustling shopping belt in Singapore. Business Review (Continued) Business model and strategy (Continued) The Group will continue to pursue the expansion of its digital OOH media networks, adding progressively one venue at a time as well as pursue new static OOH sites under its Static OOH billboard media network. Turnover was generated from a diverse pool of 412 customers (through 1,074 campaign orders); comprising 278 new customers and 134 repeat customers, demonstrating the medium is still very much attracting new advertisers onboard while retaining loyalty from repeat customers. The total adspend from these repeat customers increased by approximately 4% over the previous year and contributed to approximately 49% (2014: 56%) of the Group’s total turnover. These are testaments to the success and sustainability of the Group’s business model. Since the founding of the Group in April 2004, the Group has been in the business of media, advertising and content production. In February 2012, the Group has also been involved in the production of micro-movies for leading gaming, integrated resorts, and tourism brands around the regions, for media placements on Youku Tudou Inc., China’s largest online television company, and other leading online video portals and social media platforms in China. The Group has since been exploring possible strategies to further extend the Group’s media business, as well as identifying and acquiring suitable investment or business projects related to the field of mass media, film production and distribution, new media content production and entertainment related projects. In view of the increasing needs for media contents in China due to the increasing popularity of social media networks, increasing number of IMAX cinemas and improved accessibility to media contents and also the outstanding box office records in relation to “superhero” genre of motion pictures worldwide, the Company has attempted to make a big step forward to expand its business scope and transform itself into a media content provider. In August 2015, the Group successfully secured its first-ever acquisition the acquisition of Ricco Media Investments Limited (“RMI”) which indirectly holds a 75% equity interest in Stan Lee Global Entertainment, LLC (“SLGE”). The remaining 25% of SLGE is owned by POW! Entertainment, Inc. (“POW!”), a company publicly-listed in the U.S.A., in which Mr. Stan Lee (“Stan”) is the founder, chairman and chief creative officer. It is an extremely rare opportunity to be able to partner with Stan, the co-creator of TM, The TM and hundreds of others. Stan currently remains the Chairman Emeritus of Marvel Entertainment, LLC, a wholly-owned subsidiary of The Walt Disney Company. In partnership with Stan and POW!, SLGE is engaged in the business of film development, production and distribution and holds intellectual property rights for motion picture development in the form of concept, treatment and/or film script among which three are already in the development phases with a view to commence formal shooting in the next two years, namely The Annihilator (written by Jim Hecht of “Ice Age: Melt Down” and “Thundercats”), Realm (written by Alex Litvak of “The Three Musketeers” and “Predators”), and Replicator & Antilight (written by Chris Shafer and Paul Vicknair of “Before We Go” and “Playing It Cool”). Having witnessed the phenomenal success of Stan’s superhero characters as well as the upcoming schedule of new releases of superhero motion pictures, the Company is highly confident that superhero motion pictures and Stan’s superhero characters will continue to be in demand. Business Review (Continued) Business Acquisition & Expansion (Continued) POW! is a multimedia production and licensing company that creates and licenses animated and live-action fantasy and superhero entertainment content and merchandise, leveraging the creative output and brand image of Stan. POW! develops Stan’s originally created projects for traditional entertainment media including feature length films in live action and animation, DVD, live entertainment, television programming, merchandising and new media such as online digital programming and video games. These are the registered trademarks and characters of Marvel Characters, Inc. The table below shows the breakdown of the Group’s turnover by customer sector, demonstrates our medium’s effective and consistent reach to a broad spectrum of sectors in the industry: In HK$ Health/Personal care/ Business Review (Continued) Annual General Meeting May 2015 Business Review (Continued) Business Review (Continued) Business Review (Continued) Business Review (Continued) Business Review (Continued) Tsim Sha Tsui interchange Subways and the Middle Road Subway (total three subways) Business Review (Continued) Business Review (Continued) Business Review (Continued) As a good corporate citizen, the Group strives to improve society through community commitment. We continue to find ways to align citizenship initiatives on our platform and we take an active role in participating in various communities, charitable and national building events in Singapore and Hong Kong to help and support the local communities. Remarkable events in 2015 included: Sponsorship of Singapore’s National Day Parade 2015 (Singapore) Sponsorship of Chingay 2015 (Singapore) Sponsorship of ASEAN Para Games 2015 (Singapore) Sponsorship of the 28th SEA Games 2015 (Singapore) Sponsorship of Rehab Power Day 2015 (Hong Kong) Sponsorship of NothingButNets (Hong Kong) Sponsorship of Dress Causal Day (Hong Kong) Sponsorship of New Life 330 (Hong Kong) Sponsorship of SPCA’s Mission Zero (Hong Kong) 1. Sponsorship of Singapore’s National Day Parade 2015 (Singapore) Business Review (Continued) Corporate social responsibility (Continued) 2. Sponsorship of Chingay 2015 (Singapore) 3. Sponsorship of ASEAN Para Games 2015 (Singapore) Business Review (Continued) Corporate social responsibility (Continued) 4. Sponsorship of the 28th SEA Games 2015 (Singapore) 5. Sponsorship of Rehab Power Day 2015 (Hong Kong) (Hong Kong) (Hong Kong) 8. Sponsorship of New Life 330 (Hong Kong) (Hong Kong) Business Review (Continued) Corporate social responsibility (Continued) in HK$ (including RMI Group) (Note 1) in HK$ (excluding RMI Group) (Note 1) Note 1: EBITDA represents earnings before finance costs, income tax, depreciation of property, plant and equipment, amortisation of equity-based compensation, share of profit/(loss) of joint ventures, impairment of property, plant and equipment, impairment of investment in joint venture, fair value loss on financial asset at fair value through profit or loss, gain on partial disposal of a joint venture, amortization of intangible assets and net of the total comprehensive loss for the year attributable to non-controlling interest. While EBITDA is commonly used in the advertising and media industry worldwide as an indicator of operating performance, leverage and liquidity, it is not presented as a measure of operating performance in accordance with Hong Kong Financial Reporting Standards and should not be considered as representing net cash flows from operating activities. The computation of the Group’s EBITDA may not be comparable to similarly titled measures of other companies. The Group’s turnover for the year of 2015 was approximately HK$72.3 million, representing a decrease of approximately 5% over the previous year. Turnover for the fourth quarter was approximately HK$21.6 million, representing approximately 30% of the entire turnover for the YUR, and a decrease of approximately 27% over the corresponding period of the previous year. Gross profit for the fourth quarter was approximately HK$12.9 million (with a gross profit margin of approximately 60%) as compared to approximately HK$17.1 million (with a gross profit margin of approximately 57%) over the corresponding period of the previous year. Gross profit for the year of 2015 was approximately HK$41.6 million, representing an increase of approximately 7% over the previous year. Gross profit margin increased from approximately 51% to 58% due to lower cost-of-sales associated with the better performing media network. The Group’s total operating expenses (including RMI Group, non-cash equity-based compensation and depreciation) for year of 2015 were approximately HK$56.9 million, representing an increase of approximately 7.4 % over the previous year. The increase in total operating expenses for the year of 2015 over the previous year was mainly due to the office rental and headcount of RMI. (Note: The Group’s total operating expenses (excluding RMI Group but including non-cash equity-based compensation and depreciation) for year of 2015 were approximately HK$53.8 million, representing an increase of approximately 1.6% over the previous year.) Financial Review (Continued) The Group’s negative EBITDA including RMI Group amounted to approximately HK$6.7 million and the Group’s negative EBITDA excluding RMI Group amounted to approximately HK$3.7 million for the year of 2015 as compared to negative EBITDA amounted to approximately HK$6.4 million for the previous year. The Group recorded a loss attributable to shareholders of approximately HK$18.1 million (including RMI Group) and a loss attributable to shareholders of approximately HK$15.2 million (excluding RMI Group) for the year of 2015 as compared to a loss attributable to shareholders of approximately HK$13 million for the previous year. During the YUR, the Group financed its daily operations mainly with its internally generated resources. Short term loan from financier amounted HK$50 million was obtained as part of the consideration for the acquisition of RMI. As at 31 December 2015, the Group has a net assets value of approximately HK$129 million while the net current liabilities was amounted to approximately HK$30 million. In January 2016, the Company obtained a further short-term loan facilities in the amount of HK$58 million, out of which HK$30 million has been drawn down for the Group’s ordinary course of business and working capital. The short-term borrowings of HK$80 million and the related interest will be due on 18 May 2016. In order to improve the Group’s liquidity, the Company proposed a Rights Issue to raise approximately HK$130 million in March 2016. The Rights Issue is subject to shareholders’ approval and the extraordinary general meeting will be held in May 2016. The proceeds from the Rights Issue will be used for (i) full repayment of the principal amounts and accrued interests of the above-mentioned short term loans; (ii) not more than HK$45 million for film development and production; and (iii) the remaining (if any) for the general and corporate working capital of the Group. For details of the Rights Issue, please refer to the Company’s announcement dated 16 March 2016. The gearing ratio of the Group, calculated as total borrowings over shareholders’ fund, was 51% as at 31 December 2015 (2014: approximately 0%). For the year ended 31 December 2015, the Group was exposed to foreign currency risk with respect to its operations in Singapore where most of the business transactions, assets and liabilities were denominated in Singapore dollars. Despite most of RMI Group’s business transactions, assets and liabilities were denominated in US dollars, the foreign currency risk associated with RMI Group was not significant due to the linked exchange rate system. The Group will monitor its foreign currency exposure closely. During the year ended 31 December 2015, the Group did not engage in any derivatives activities and did not commit to any financial instruments to hedge its exposure to foreign currency risk. Financial Review (Continued) The shares of the Company were listed on GEM of the Stock Exchange since 2011. The capital of the Company comprises ordinary shares and capital reserves. During the year, the Company issued 54,364,080 new shares including 37,471,680 shares in associated with the acquisition of RMI; 7,892,400 shares from the exercise of share options and 9,000,000 shares from the exercise of conversion right attached to warrants issued by the Company. Please refer to Note 22 of the Notes to the financial statements for details of the share capital. The Board does not recommend the payment of any dividend for the year ended 31 December 2015 (2014: Nil). As at 31 December 2015, the Group had 84 employees (2014: 75), including the Executive Directors. Total staff costs (including Directors’ emoluments) were approximately HK$28.7 million for the year ended 31 December 2015 as compared to approximately HK$26.1 million for the year ended 31 December 2014. Remuneration is determined with reference to market norms and individual employees’ performance, qualification and experience. On top of basic salaries, bonuses may be paid by reference to the Group’s performance as well as individual’s performance. During the YUR, no bonuses were paid to any employees or directors. Other staff benefits include contributions to Mandatory Provident Fund scheme in Hong Kong and Central Provident Fund in Singapore as well as share options. Except for investment in subsidiaries and joint ventures, the Group did not hold any significant investment in equity interest in any company during the year ended 31 December 2015. On 20 August 2015, the Company completed the acquisition of the entire issued share capital of RMI, resulting in RMI becoming a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company. 37,471,680 shares were issued and allotted under the general mandate as part consideration of the transaction. Please refer the Company’s announcements dated 10 August 2015 and 20 August 2015 for details of the above acquisition. Save as disclosed above, the Group did not make any material acquisition or disposal, nor had other plans for material investments and capital assets during the year. Financial Review (Continued) As at 31 December 2015, the Group did not have any charges on its assets (2014: Nil). The Group had no material contingent liabilities as at 31 December 2015 (2014: Nil). 