Domestically, the delay in the resumption of work due to COVID-19 has a short-term adverse impact on construction enterprises. However, with the effective control over the epidemic, China has stepped up counter- cyclical adjustments, and the growth rate of infrastructure investment has been gradually rebounded. The construction industry maintains a stable development trend overall. During the first half of 2020, the gross output value of the construction industry in China decreased by 0.76% year-on-year to RMB10.08 trillion; national fixed asset investment (excluding rural households) decreased by 3.1% year-on-year to RMB28.3 trillion; national fixed asset investment in transportation increased by 6.0% year-on-year. In particular, the fixed asset investment in railways increased by 1.2% year-on-year to RMB325.8 billion, and the fixed asset investment in highways increased by 6.8% year-on-year to RMB1,014.8 billion. The amount of investment in new PPP projects in the library, projects of net increase, projects that have been contracted and landed, and projects with construction commenced across the country all showed a downward trend. As the epidemic eased and governments at all levels increased their steady investment, the year-on-year decline in the second quarter was significantly less than that in the first quarter. The investment in new projects in the library decreased by RMB220.7 billion or 21.8% year-on-year; there were 216 contracted and landed projects with an investment of RMB431 billion, representing a year-on-year decrease of RMB1.2 trillion or 73.7%; there were 219 projects with construction commenced, with an investment of RMB305.9 billion, representing a year-on-year decrease of RMB1.7 trillion or 84.4%; the investment in the “two new areas and one important field” projects in the library accounted for 84.3% of all new projects in the library. Internationally, the global spread of COVID-19 has brought certain challenges to the overseas production and operation of Chinese construction enterprises. Some international contracted projects were in a state of suspension, and the advancement of tracked overseas projects was forced to delay. The progress of resumption of work and production still depends on the local epidemic control, which, to a certain extent, tests the ability of Chinese construction enterprises to identify, handle, and manage risks. In view of the data of countries along the Belt and Road in the first half of the year, the value of contracts of overseas business and the completed turnover indicators both showed a downward trend. The amount of new contracting projects from 59 countries along the Belt and Road decreased by 5.2% year-on-year to US$60.3 billion, representing 56.3% of the amount of new contracting projects of China from all foreign countries for the same period. The turnover decreased by 7.8% year-on-year to US$35.57 billion, representing 58.7% of the total amount of turnover of completed contracting projects from all foreign countries for the same period. From the perspective of national policies, China will continue to promote the construction of the Belt and Road Initiative and expand trade and investment cooperation with countries along the Belt and Road. As the epidemic eases, infrastructure as a key investment direction will continue to play an important role in the construction of the Belt and Road Initiative. 2020 Interim Report CHINA RAILWAY GROUP LIMITED Being a technology- and intelligence-intensive production-based service industry, the survey, design and consulting services business offers technical and management services throughout the decision-making and implementation process of the construction work of various industries, including construction, transportation, electricity and irrigation works. It has a leading position in project construction, plays an important supporting role in improving the investment benefits and social benefits of construction projects, and is a key link in project construction. At this stage, the industry development focuses on strengthening areas of weakness in the infrastructure, renovating old urban areas, and improving the living environment and people’s quality of life; practicing the concept of “lucid waters and lush mountains are invaluable assets”, infiltrating the design concept of energy conservation and environmental protection, and promoting ecological environment construction; arranging the regional coordinated development strategies, strengthening the construction of new infrastructures, paying more attention to digitalization and intelligence, and facilitating the application of building information modeling (BIM) technology. At the same time, the reform of the engineering construction organization model has spawned new services, which gradually extend to the engineering consulting industry chain of the whole life cycle of the construction project, including investment decision consulting and post- evaluation consulting. The services also gradually cover energy conservation and emission reduction, green and low-carbon economy consulting, land use and ecological environmental protection consulting, safety evaluation consulting, circular economy and resource comprehensive utilization consulting, project operation management consulting and other fields, to promote the implementation of new development concepts and new construction policies in the construction of housing, municipal works, transportation engineering and industrial engineering, and to carry out engineering technical services in the direction of “being green, advanced, economical, and comfortable”, which reflects the future value pursuit of the industry. The State Council issued a series of industrial plans including Made in China 2025 and 13th Five-Year Plan for the Development of National Strategic Emerging Industries, which laid down the transformation and upgrading direction of the manufacturing industry in China in the following decade. During the period of the 13th Five- Year Plan, China’s fixed asset investment in railways will stay at a high level, and there is still much room for highways, bridges, urban rail transit, irrigation works and underground development. In addition, with the in-depth promotion of joint pursuit of the “One Belt, One Road” Initiative, the markets of turnouts, tunnel construction equipment and services and construction machinery will continue to grow. In terms of policies, the release of the Action Plan for Promoting the Production and Application of Green Building Materials and the Guiding Opinions on Vigorously Developing Prefabricated Construction has provided strong policy support for the development of the steel structure industry. With the increasing application of steel structure products with the characteristics of “green, environmental friendly and circular economy” such as municipal bridge steel structure and high-rise building steel structure, the market demand for steel structure will further expand. However, the intensified competition in the industry has brought about some new changes in the market environment. To a certain extent, it has brought uncertain effects on the demand for tunnel construction equipment, turnout products for urban rail transit and electric equipment products in the future. In the first half of 2020, the added value of large-scale industries throughout PRC recorded a year-on-year decrease of 1.3%, in which the added value of high-tech manufacturing industry and equipment manufacturing industry increased by 4.5% and 0.4% year-on-year respectively. In the first half of 2020, the real estate market remained generally stable in China. Local governments resolutely implemented the Central Committee of the Communist Party of China (“CPC”) and the State Council’s deployment, and always adhered to the orientation that “houses are built to be inhabited, not for speculation”. In the face of the impact of COVID-19, local governments became more flexible in implementing policies based on cities, but they still adhered to the bottom line of “restricted purchases” and “restricted loans” to promote the smooth operation of the real estate market. According to the National Bureau of Statistics, in the first half of 2020, the property development investments nationwide amounted to RMB6,278.0 billion, representing a year-on-year increase of 1.9%. In particular, the investments in residential housing were RMB4,635.0 billion, representing a year-on-year increase of 2.6%. The area of buildings under construction was 7,927.21 million square meters, representing a year-on-year increase of 2.6%. In particular, the area of residential housing under construction was 5,587.76 million square meters, representing a year-on-year increase of 3.8%. The area of buildings the construction of which was newly commenced was 975.36 million square meters, representing a year-on-year decrease of 7.6%. In particular, the area of residential housing, the construction of which was newly commenced, was 715.83 million square meters, representing a year-on-year decrease of 8.2%. The area of completed buildings was 290.30 million square meters, representing a year-on-year decrease of 10.5%. In particular, the area of completed residential housing was 206.80 million square meters, representing a year- on-year decrease of 9.8%. The sales area of commodity housing in China was 694.04 million square meters, representing a year-on-year decrease of 8.4%. In particular, the sales area of residential housing decreased by 7.6%, the sales area of office buildings decreased by 26.5% and the sales area of commercial housing decreased by 20.7%. The sales amount of commodity housing was RMB6,689.5 billion, representing a year-on- year decrease of 5.4%. In particular, the sales amount of residential housing decreased by 2.8% year-on-year, the sales amount of office buildings decreased by 28.0% year-on-year and the sales amount of commercial housing decreased by 25.5% year-on-year. In the first half of 2020, with the spread of COVID-19 and the intensification of trade frictions, the subsequent evolution of the global economic situation is not optimistic. Consumption dropped significantly. The prices of industrial products were increasingly show the downward pressure, and prices of international commodities undergone large fluctuations. Severe liquidity risks occurred in overseas financial markets in March, and prices of metal products fell sharply. As liquidity risks were reduced in April, and domestic economic activities gradually resumed, prices of non-ferrous metals increased correspondingly. As domestic economic activities fully recovered in May, and some overseas countries began to lift restrictions, prices of non-ferrous metals continued to rise. The current global liquidity easing pattern will not change in the short term, and the logic of resuming production and work in European and American countries will gradually be verified. The price pivot of global metal products will also rise again steadily in the second half of this year. In the first half of 2020, affected by the global epidemic, the world economy suffered a severe recession, the loop of industry chain and supply chain were blocked, international trade and investment were reduced, and the market of commodities was volatile. Domestic consumption, investment, and exports declined; employment pressure increased significantly; enterprises, especially private enterprises, small and medium-sized enterprises faced more difficulties; and risks accumulated in the finance and other fields. The government continued to implement proactive fiscal policies and prudent monetary policies, introduced a series of financial and monetary policies, accelerated the issuance and use of special local government bonds, issued special anti-epidemic treasury bonds, reduced taxes and fees, optimized the supervision of equity asset allocation of insurance companies, and promoted finance infrastructure interconnection, which ensured the overall stability of China’s financial operations. 2020 Interim Report CHINA RAILWAY GROUP LIMITED The Group’s principal business activities are infrastructure construction, survey, design and consulting services, engineering equipment and component manufacturing, property development and other businesses. In the first half of 2020, facing the severe test brought by COVID-19 and the complex and changeable domestic and foreign environment, the Group resolutely implemented the decisions and deployments of the Central Committee of the CPC, the State Council and the SASAC, responded in a calm manner, implemented policies precisely, and surmounted difficulties. The Group focused on epidemic prevention and control on the one hand, and on reform and development on the other hand, solidly promoted the resumption of work and production, and comprehensively deepened the improvement of quality and efficiency. The scale of the Company grew against the trend, and its main economic indicators were higher than the average level of central enterprises, showing a good momentum of steady and positive growth. In the first half of 2020, the Group earnestly and entirely implemented the deployment of the work meeting at the beginning of the year, accurately recognized changes, responded scientifically, actively sought changes, accelerated innovative thinking concepts, upgraded business models, and achieved new highs in operating performance. In the first half of the year, the value of new contracts of the Group was RMB870.34 billion, representing a year-on-year increase of RMB169.0 billion or 24.1%, and achieved growth against the trend despite increasing risks and challenges. The railway market continued to grow stronger and bigger, with the value of new contracts increasing by 22.3% year-on-year, ranking the first in the industry market; the urban construction business was developed in depth, and the value of new contracts regarding housing construction and municipal works continued to rise, increasing by 79.1% and 14.9% respectively; continuous improvement was made in the irrigation and hydropower sector, with an increase of 10.4%. In terms of overseas business, the value of new contracts reached RMB44.77 billion, representing an increase of 23.1%. In the first half of 2020, the Group actively implemented the national “Six Stabilities” and “Six Ensures” requirements, and actively responded to many challenges such as the shutdown of the industrial supply chain caused by the epidemic. While achieving full resumption of work and production, the Group launched the special labor competition activity of “battling against the epidemic, maintaining growth, and working hard for one hundred days”, which facilitated the accelerated recovery of construction and production and improvement month by month. In addition, the economic scale indicators were gradually recovered and achieved year-on- year growth. In the first half of 2020, the Group earnestly implemented the important instructions of “Three Transformations” proposed by General Secretary Xi Jinping, held high-end forums, established the China Railway “Three Transformations” Research Institute, and formulated special action plans to focus on enhancing the innovation and creativity of the Company. The Company intensified reform efforts, actively promoted the reform of overseas systems and mechanisms and the organizational reform of the headquarters, and carried out comprehensive reforms of the “Double Hundred Action” and “Demonstration Activities of Scientific Reform”. The Company deepened management innovation, formulated the “Administrative Measures for the Management of Laboratory Works”, and formed a long-term management innovation mechanism. Focusing on technological innovation and digital upgrades, the Company increased efforts to tackle key core technologies, launched the “Information Throughout Project”, and strengthened the application of scientific research results. The number of national science and technology awards in the first half of the year ranked first among central construction enterprises. In the first half of 2020, while making every effort to prevent and control the epidemic internally, the Group was actively devoted to the overall domestic epidemic prevention and control, and fully participated in the construction of domestic treatment hospitals such as Huoshenshan Hospital and Leishenshan Hospital, taking on responsibility of China Railway in the prevention and control of the epidemic in the whole society. The Company solidly promoted the resumption of work and production, implemented the construction and deployment of major national projects, and the requirements of “stabilizing employment and protecting people’s livelihood”, demonstrating the strength of China Railway in the resumption of work and production in the whole society. The Company implemented deeply the corporate responsibilities for poverty alleviation, formulated plans for poverty alleviation in 2020, and established a long-term poverty alleviation mechanism of consuming products and services from poor areas and poor people, which reflected the role of China Railway in consolidating the results of poverty alleviation. The Company has entered the Fortune Global 500 for 15 consecutive years, ranking 50th in 2020, up 5 places from the 55th in 2019. The Company entered the top 50 of the Fortune Global 500 for the first time, setting the best result in history. The Company ranks second among the world’s largest contractors according to ENR. It has been assessed as an A-type enterprise by the SASAC for seven consecutive years in performance appraisal of central enterprises. The Company has been assessed as a listed company of A-type (outstanding) by the Shanghai Stock Exchange for seven consecutive years in the evaluation of information disclosure of listed companies. The Company’s social image and brand status have been further consolidated and improved. During the first half of 2020, the value of new contracts of the Group was RMB870.34 billion, representing a year-on-year increase of 24.1%. In particular, the value of new contracts of domestic business was RMB825.57 billion, representing a year-on-year increase of 24.1%; the value of new contracts of overseas business was RMB44.77 billion, representing a year-on-year increase of 23.1%. As at the end of the reporting period, the value of contract backlog of the Group was RMB3,486.94 billion, representing an increase of 3.7% as compared with the end of 2019. An analysis of changes in the value of new contracts and the value of contract backlog by business segment is set out as below: Reporting Same period Year-on-year increase/ Engineering equipment and 2020 Interim Report CHINA RAILWAY GROUP LIMITED During the first half of 2020, the value of the Group’s new contracts of infrastructure construction business was RMB758.70 billion, representing a year-on-year increase of 26.9%. As at the end of June 2020, the value of the Group’s contract backlog of infrastructure construction business was RMB3,354.96 billion, representing an increase of 6.0% from the end of 2019. From a business segment perspective: ① In respect of railway construction business, the value of new contracts of railway construction business amounted to RMB123.34 billion, representing a year-on-year increase of 22.3%. In particular, the value of new contracts in terms of the medium- and large-sized railways construction in China amounted to RMB63.38 billion, representing a year- on-year increase of 14.4%, and the market share reached 51.9%. As at the end of June 2020, the value of contract backlog of railway construction business was RMB640.69 billion, representing an increase of 3.7% from the end of 2019. ② In respect of highway construction business, the value of new contracts of highway construction business amounted to RMB115.73 billion, representing a year-on-year increase of 29.4%. As at the end of June 2020, the value of contract backlog of highway construction business was RMB589.81 billion, representing an increase of 4.9% from the end of 2019. ③ In respect of municipal works and other businesses, in the first half of 2020, with the continuous advancement of urbanization and renovation of old urban areas, as well as the continuous deepening of future development strategies such as national-level city clusters and smart cities, the Group further enhanced its operation in urban construction market. The value of the Group’s new contracts of municipal works and other businesses amounted to RMB519.63 billion, representing a year- on-year increase of 27.5%. In particular, the value of new contracts of municipal business was RMB172.72 billion, representing a year-on-year increase of 14.9%, the value of new contracts of housing construction business was RMB219.05 billion, representing a year-on-year increase of 79.1% and the value of new contracts of urban rail transit business was RMB80.33 billion, representing a year-on-year decrease of 25.3%. As at the end of June 2020, the value of contract backlog of municipal works and other businesses was RMB2,124.45 billion, representing an increase of 7.1% from the end of 2019. From a business model perspective, the value of new contracts for infrastructure construction obtained by the Group through the general contract mode was RMB693.7 billion, representing a year-on-year increase of 44.8%. The value of new contracts for infrastructure construction obtained through investment mode reached RMB65.0 billion, representing a year- on-year decrease of 45.4%. The main reasons for the decrease in new contracts for infrastructure investment business are as follows: first, due to the impact of COVID-19, the bidding plan of some tracked projects was delayed; second, with the expansion of government special bond issuance, some key tracked projects were implemented from the investment mode to general contract mode. During the reporting period, the key projects under construction and investment projects the Group undertook or participated in the construction proceeded smoothly. The projects that the Group participated in the construction including Chengdu-Kunming Railway, Shangqiu-Hefei-Hangzhou High-speed Railway, Anhui-Jiangxi Railway, Changsha Metro and Shenyang Metro were put into operation on schedule. The key projects under construction such as Hangzhou Metro, Qingdao Metro, Dalian Metro, the station building of Xiong’an Station of the new Beijing-Xiong’an New District Intercity Railway, and the China-Laos Railway were implemented in an orderly manner. In the domestic market, the Group’s share in the railway’s large- and medium-sized infrastructure market has remained over 45%, its share in the urban rail transit infrastructure market has remained over 40%, and its share in the highway infrastructure market has remained over 10%. In the first half of 2020, the value of new contracts of the Group regarding the survey, design and consulting service business amounted to RMB11.47 billion, representing a year-on-year decrease of 5.3%. It was mainly due to the fact that the impact of COVID-19 delayed the survey and design of some housing construction and rail transit projects, which caused a decrease in overall market bidding quantity. As at the end of June 2020, the value of the Group’s contract backlog of survey, design and consulting services business was RMB58.61 billion, representing an increase of 7.3% from the end of 2019. During the reporting period, the survey and design of Ya’an-Linzhi Segment of the Sichuan-Tibet Railway, the Chengdu-Chongqing Middle Line High-speed Rail, the new Chengdu-Dazhou-Wanzhou Railway, and the Chongqing-Ankang Segment of the Chongqing-Xi’an High- speed Rail which the Group was responsible for, were progressed smoothly. As a backbone enterprise in China’s survey and design and consulting industry, the Group has played an important leading role in the field of engineering construction, especially in assisting in the formulation of construction codes and quality acceptance standards of the railway industry. In ENR’s 2020 ranking of the world’s 150 largest design companies and 225 largest international design companies, China railway ranked 16th and 122nd respectively. In the first half of 2020, the value of new contracts of the engineering equipment and component manufacturing business of the Group was RMB19.34 billion, representing a year-on-year increase of 20.3%. The main engineering equipment and products of CRHIC, a listed subsidiary controlled by the Company, achieved high growth. In particular, the newly signed contracts for special engineering machinery and equipment such as tunnel boring machines and lifting racks had the fastest growth rate. It is mainly due to the continuous development and innovation of technology of tunnel boring machines and civil construction methods, and the continuous expansion of the application field of boring machines. Currently, the increased span and heavier beam of highways and railways under construction in China have promoted the development, manufacture and use of new-type laying equipment. At the same time, the epidemic has been effectively controlled, construction units have resumed work one after another, and national key railway, highway and urban rail transit projects have been launched successively, which have promoted the steady growth of new contracts for the Group’s turnout business and steel structure manufacturing and installation business. As at the end of June 2020, the value of the Group’s contract backlog of engineering equipment and component manufacturing business was RMB58.92 billion, representing an increase of 8.8% from the end of 2019. During the reporting period, the Group’s tunnel boring machine made significant progress in the field of irrigation and hydropower, and won the bid for the second phase of water resources allocation project of the Pearl River Delta; the turnout business won the bid for the construction project of new Mile-Mengzi Railway, the related projects of instruction of the new Hefei-Anqing Railway into the Hefei hub, the construction project of the new Fuzhou-Xiamen Railway and other national key infrastructure projects; steel structure manufacturing and installation business won the bid for the bridge steel structure manufacturing project of Dezhou-Shangrao Expressway Chizhou-Qimen Segment, the steel truss construction project of Shantou Niutianyang Expressway and other key projects. 2020 Interim Report CHINA RAILWAY GROUP LIMITED The Group has a leading position in the field of high-end equipment manufacturing related to transportation infrastructure such as railways, highways, urban rail transit and underground engineering in the country and even the world. It has outstanding competitiveness in scientific and technological innovation strength, core technology advantages, production and manufacturing level, brand awareness and other aspects. The Group is the world’s largest shield tunneling machine/TBM R&D manufacturer in terms of sales volume, the world’s largest steel structure manufacturer of turnouts and bridges, and the largest railway construction equipment manufacturer in China. For the domestic market, the Group maintained an approximate market share of 65% in the high-speed turnout market that requires high techniques (speed over 250km/h), a market share of more than 50% in the heavy-haul turnout market, a market share of 60%-70% in the turnout market of urban rail transit business; a market share of more than 60% in the large steel structure bridge market, a market share of more than 60% in the catenary parts market of high-speed railway; a market share of approximate 50% in the power supply products market of urban rail transit business. CRHIC (600528.SH), a controlling subsidiary of the Company, is the only industrial enterprise in A share market that mainly engages in rail transit and underground excavation of high-end equipment. CRHEEC (873023.OC) is an important supplier engaging in R&D, production and system integration of domestic electrified catenary components and power supply equipment for urban rail transit. In the first half of 2020, the COVID-19 outbreak had a great impact on the real estate development industry. The Group actively responded to national policies, and scientifically and orderly promoted the resumption of work and production in the real estate sector on the premise of its outperformance in epidemic prevention and control, and strove to minimize the impact of the epidemic. During the reporting period, the Group’s real estate development business achieved a sales amount of RMB17.67 billion, representing a year-on-year decrease of 27.8%, and its sales area was 1.1405 million square meters, representing a year-on-year decrease of 52.48%. The area that has commenced construction was 2.1967 million square meters, representing a year-on-year decrease of 25.79%; the area that has completed construction was 1.8444 million square meters, representing a year-on-year increase of 412.33%; and the newly acquired land reserve was 0.7309 million square meters, representing a year-on-year decrease of 34.01%. The property business of the Group has covered 25 provinces and municipalities nationwide with a total of 196 real estate development projects currently. As of the end of the reporting period, the Group’s real estate projects in progress cover 44.61 million square meters; the land reserve to be developed covers 17.94 million square meters. The Group’s mining business is mainly based on the management and development of mining entities. Currently, it wholly owns, controls or holds shares to invest in construction of 5 modern mines at home and abroad, including Luming Molybdenum Mine in Heilongjiang, Luishia Copper-Cobalt Mine, MKM Copper-Cobalt Mine and SICOMINES Copper-Cobalt Mine in Congo, and Wulan Lead and Zinc Mine in Mongolia. The main mineral products produced and sold include concentrates of copper, cobalt, molybdenum, lead and zinc, and copper cathode and cobalt hydroxide. In the first half of 2020, the prices of the Group’s main mineral products including copper, cobalt, lead, and zinc were falling first and then rising on the whole, and all fell to varying degrees from the same period last year. As of the end of the reporting period, the retained resources/reserves of the aforementioned mines mainly include copper of approximately 8.40 million tons, cobalt of approximately 0.65 million tons, and molybdenum of approximately 0.66 million tons. In particular, the retained reserves of copper, cobalt and molybdenum are in the leading position in the same industry in China, and its mines’ production capacity for copper and molybdenum has been at the forefront in the same industry in China. In the first half of 2020, SICOMINES Copper-Cobalt Mine was operating in good condition, and the construction of the phase II project was progressing smoothly; Luishia Copper-Cobalt Mine, MKM Copper- Cobalt Mine and Wulan Lead and Zinc Mine in Mongolia were all in normal operation; Busuanga Hydropower Project was also under orderly construction and planned to be completed and put into operation simultaneously with the phase II project of SICOMINES Copper-Cobalt Mine. In the first half of 2020, the production of the Group’s relevant resource products was as follows: copper metal production was 0.1076 million tons, a slight increase over the same period last year; cobalt metal production was 1,325 tons, representing a year-on-year decrease of 4.02%; molybdenum metal production was 3,900 tons, representing a year-on-year decrease of 38.53%; lead metal products were 8,218 tons, representing a year-on-year decrease of 9.39%; zinc metal production was 11,299 tons, representing a year-on-year increase of 33.48%; silver metal production was 24.9 tons, representing a year-on-year increase of 21.3%. As at 30 June 2020, the Group’s mineral reserves are as follows: Planned total investment Accumulated investment Investment in the Planned Resources/Reserve (Available) of China of China reporting completion Project million) million) million) Luming Molybdenum Mine, Yichun City of Ceased production and under Luishia Copper-Cobalt Mine, Comagnie Miniere de Luisha Normal production and operation, production system improvement are MKM Copper-Cobalt Mine, La Miniere De Kalumbwe Normal production SICOMINES Copper- Cobalt Mine, La Sino-congolaise Des Phase 1 in normal production and operation, phase 2 Wulan Lead and Zinc Mine, Xinxin Normal production Muhaer Lead and Zinc Mine, Xinxin Wurile Ovoo and Zhanggai Tolgoi Gold Mine, New Eerdesi Company, polymetallic Mine, Chafu, Xianglong Mineral Co., Ltd., 2020 Interim Report CHINA RAILWAY GROUP LIMITED The financial business of the Group has always followed the principle of developing business around the main businesses, and formed a strategic synergy with the main businesses. At present, the Group mainly involves trust, fund, factoring, insurance brokerage, and financial leasing business, and has built a multi-level, wide- covered and differentiated “finance, quasi-finance” institutional service system represented by China Railway Trust, China Railway Finance, and China Railway Capital. The three financial enterprises have adhered to the concept of serving the value of the main business, satisfying the needs of the market and organically integrating the development of the corporate strategy, and formulated strategic implementation approaches and resource allocation plans based on maximizing the value of the main business, so as to generate synergy and maximize the benefit of the Group. As an important trust business platform of the Group, China Railway Trust has enjoyed a good reputation in the industry, and its rating by the CBIRC and China Trustee Association has been kept at the forefront of the industry. The merchandise trading business of the Group represents the trading business carried out by the trading enterprises at all levels of the Group relying on the demand advantage, product advantage and resource channel advantage and centralized purchase and supply based on the main businesses of the Company. It mainly serves the internal trading demand of the Group and provides external services in an appropriate manner. China Railway Material Trade Co., Ltd, a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, has established a national-wide operation and service network, and maintained good cooperative relationship with domestic large-scale production enterprises of steel, cement, petrochemical, components for communications engineering, signal engineering, electrical engineering and electrification engineering, building decoration materials and other products. It carries out centralized procurement and supply of major materials at the Group level, and supplies materials to other domestic construction enterprises. The Group obtains operational rail transit, expressway, water utilities and other assets through investment and construction, and achieves operating income by providing operation and management services and collecting fees according to relevant charging standards. The infrastructure projects operated by the Group mainly include rail transit, expressway, water supplies, municipal roads, industrial parks and underground pipe corridors, with an operating period ranging from 8 to 40 years. For the six months ended 30 June 2020, the Group’s revenue increased by 15.0% from the corresponding period of 2019 to RMB416.303 billion. The Group realized profit for the period of RMB12.398 billion, representing an increase of 10.1% from the same period of last year. For the six months ended 30 June 2020, profit for the period attributable to owners of the Company was 11.697 billion, representing an increase of 11.3% from the same period of last year while the basic earnings per share of the Company were RMB0.425, representing an increase of 6.5% from the same period of last year. A comparison of the financial results for the six months ended 30 June 2020 and the corresponding period of 2019 is set forth below. In the first half of 2020, the Group’s revenue increased year-on-year by 15.0% to RMB416.303 billion, mainly due to the increase in revenue from infrastructure construction business. Among which, the revenue generated from overseas was RMB22.703 billion, representing a year-on-year increase of 8.8%. The Group’s cost of sales and services primarily includes cost of raw materials and consumables, subcontracting cost, equipment usage cost (consisting of maintenance, rental and fuel), employee compensation and benefits and depreciation and amortization expenses. For the six months ended 30 June 2020, the Group’s cost of sales and services increased year-on-year by 16.2% to RMB379.922 billion. In the first half of 2020, gross profit of the Group increased year-on-year by 4.5% to RMB36.381 billion. The gross profit margin for the first half of 2020 was 8.7%, representing a decrease from 9.6% for the first half of 2019. Such decrease was primarily due to the decrease in gross profit margin of property development business and engineering equipment and component manufacturing business. The Group’s other income primarily consists of dividend income and subsidies from government. For the six months ended 30 June 2020, the Group’s other income was RMB1.110 billion, representing an increase of 6.5% from the same period of last year. The Group’s other expenses primarily include expenditures on research and development. For the six months ended 30 June 2020, other expenses increased by 11.7% to RMB6.195 billion from the same period of last year. Such increase was mainly due to the Group’s continuous advancement on scientific research and technological innovation and further increased input in research and development. The Group’s net impairment losses on financial assets and contract assets mainly include impairment losses on trade and other receivables, other financial assets at amortised cost and contract assets. For the six months ended 30 June 2020, the Group’s net impairment losses on financial assets and contract assets was RMB1.178 billion (first half of 2019: RMB1.221 billion), which mainly comprised of impairment losses on trade and other receivables of RMB1.017 billion. The Group’s losses from derecognition of financial assets at amortised cost mainly include the losses arising on derecognition of trade receivables which were transferred in accordance with asset-backed medium-term notes (“ABN”) and asset-backed securities (“ABS”) issuance, and non-recourse factoring agreements. In the first half of 2020, the Group’s losses from derecognition of financial assets at amortised cost was RMB1.476 billion, representing an increase of 51.5% from the same period of last year. For the six months ended 30 June 2020, the Group transferred trade receivables of RMB23.982 billion and RMB3.668 billion under the issuance of ABN and ABS, and non-recourse factoring agreements, respectively (first half of 2019: RMB20.009 billion and RMB1.755 billion, respectively). The Group’s other gains and losses mainly include gains/losses on disposal/write-off of financial assets/liabilities, joint ventures, associates and subsidiaries, foreign exchange gains/losses, impairment loss on property, plant and equipment and other assets and changes in the fair value of financial assets/liabilities through profit and loss. The other net gains for the first half of 2020 was RMB0.536 billion (first half of 2019: RMB0.231 billion). 2020 Interim Report CHINA RAILWAY GROUP LIMITED The Group’s selling and marketing expenses primarily consist of employee compensation and benefits, distribution and logistic costs and advertising costs. For the six months ended 30 June 2020, the Group’s selling and marketing expenses was RMB1.786 billion, representing a decrease of 2.8% from the same period of last year which was mainly due to the decrease in marketing expenses of property development business brought by the COVID-19 pandemic. Selling and marketing expenses as a percentage of total revenue was 0.4% for the first half of 2020, representing a decrease from 0.5% for the first half of 2019. The Group’s administrative expenses mainly consist of employee compensation and benefits and depreciation and amortization of its assets related to administration. For the six months ended 30 June 2020, the Group’s administrative expenses decreased by 1.0% to RMB10.908 billion from the corresponding period of last year, which was mainly due to the decrease in non-production related expenses owing to the COVID-19 pandemic. Administrative expenses as a percentage of total revenue for the first half of 2020 was 2.6%, representing a decrease from 3.0% for the first half of 2019. In the first half of 2020, the Group’s net finance costs (finance costs less finance income) was RMB1.057 billion, representing a decrease of 36.3% from the same period of last year. It was mainly due to the decrease in interest expenses through profit and loss brought by the decrease in interest costs and the increase in interest income brought by the significant increase in average daily bank balances as compared to the same period of last year. As a result of the foregoing factors, the Group’s profit before tax for the six months ended 30 June 2020 increased by 10.0% to RMB16.098 billion from RMB14.634 billion for the corresponding period of 2019. For the six months ended 30 June 2020, the Group’s income tax expense was RMB3.700 billion, representing an increase of 9.8% from the same period of last year. By excluding land appreciation tax, the effective income tax rate of the Group was 17.6% for the first half of 2020, representing a decrease of 1.2 percentage points from 18.8% for the corresponding period of last year. It was mainly due to the deduction of interest expenses on perpetual notes and the Group’s further entitlement of tax preferential treatments on high and new technology enterprises, west region development and deduction of research and development expenditures. The profit for the period attributable to owners of the Company for the six months ended 30 June 2020 increased by 11.3% to RMB11.697 billion from RMB10.514 billion for the corresponding period of 2019. The profit margin of the profit for the period attributable to owners of the Company for the first half of 2020 was 2.8%, representing a decrease of 0.1 percentage point from 2.9% for the corresponding period of 2019. The revenue and results of each segment of the Group’s business for the six months ended 30 June 2020 are set forth in the table below. Growth Profit/loss Growth Profit/loss before tax margin1 Revenue as a percentage Profit/loss before tax as a percentage Survey, Design and Engineering Equipment and Component Profit turned Inter-segment Eliminations Profit/loss before tax margin is the profit/loss before tax divided by revenue. Revenue from the operation of the Group’s infrastructure construction business was mainly derived from railway, highway and municipal works construction. Revenue from the operation of the infrastructure construction business continued to account for a high percentage of total revenue of the Group. In the first half of 2020, the revenue from the infrastructure construction business accounted for 85.8% of the total revenue of the Group (first half of 2019: 83.6%). In the first half of 2020, in response to the adverse impact brought by the COVID-19 pandemic, the State implemented a series of counter cyclical adjustment measures with an aim to stabilize economy, investment and growth, which brought significant favourable policies to the Group. Meanwhile, the Group continued to focus on both the pandemic control and resumption of work and production. On the basis of ensuring of the staff’s health and safety, the Group fully implemented the resumption of work and production that caused the increase in work quality and efficiency and there was a significant increase in revenue from highway and municipal works business. Revenue of the infrastructure construction business for the six months ended 30 June 2020 was RMB385.934 billion, representing an increase of 19.1% as compared to the same period of last year. Gross profit margin and profit before tax margin of the infrastructure construction segment for the first half of 2020 was 7.1% and 3.8% respectively (first half of 2019: 7.1% and 3.1% respectively). The increase in profit before tax margin was mainly due to the decrease in administrative expenses. 2020 Interim Report CHINA RAILWAY GROUP LIMITED Revenue from the operation of the survey, design and consulting services business primarily derives from providing a full range of survey, design and consulting services, research and development, feasibility studies and compliance certification services on infrastructure construction projects. In the first half of 2020, due to the adverse effect brought by the COVID-19 pandemic, there was delay in project implementation and the Group’s revenue of survey, design and consulting services business recorded RMB7.967 billion, which basically remained the same as that for the corresponding period of last year. For the first half of 2020, gross profit margin and profit before tax margin for the segment was 27.6% and 12.9% respectively (first half of 2019: 26.7% and 9.7% respectively). Such increase was mainly due to the decrease in staff cost and travelling expenses resulting from the field work restriction brought by the COVID-19 pandemic. Revenue from the operation of the engineering equipment and component manufacturing business primarily derives from the design, research and development, manufacture and sale of turnouts and other railway related equipment, bridge steel structures and engineering machinery. For the first half of 2020, based on the target of becoming “domestic leading and international first class” high and new technology equipment manufacturing enterprise and based on the direction of transforming and upgrading to service-typed manufacturing, the Group deepened internal reform, grasped business opportunities and continuously optimized resources allocation. Revenue of the engineering equipment and component manufacturing business of the Group increased by 19.8% year-on-year to RMB13.351 billion for the six months ended 30 June 2020. Gross profit margin and profit before tax margin for the first half of 2020 was 17.6% and 7.3% respectively (first half of 2019: 23.9% and 8.0% respectively). Such decrease was mainly due to ① the decrease in profitability of tunnel equipment and turnouts brought by the decrease in selling price and increase in production costs; ② the increase in sub-contracting costs, caused by the COVID-19 pandemic, resulting in a weak profitability of the manufacturing and installation of steel structure business. In the first half of 2020, the Group strictly adhered to the national policy on property market, further strengthened the effort on the transformation and upgrading and the increase in quality and profitability of the property development business. The Group explored new business development opportunities and new profitability drivers, made great effort to cultivate the brand competitiveness of the property development business, enriched sales and marketing mode and strived to overcome the adverse effect brought by the control policies on the property development business. In the first half of 2020, due to the adverse effect brought by the national macro control policies and the COVID-19 pandemic, revenue of property development business decreased by 6.5% year-on-year to RMB13.001 billion. Gross profit margin and profit before tax margin for the first half of 2020 was 21.6% and -6.5% respectively (first half of 2019: 30.6% and 12.4% respectively). Such decrease was mainly due to the provision made for impairment losses on individual projects. In the first half of 2020, the Group has progressively implemented the “limited and interrelated” diversification strategy. Revenue of other businesses decreased year-on-year by 4.3% to RMB29.418 billion for first half of 2020. In the first half of 2020, gross profit margin and profit before tax margin was 24.0% and 6.4% respectively (first half of 2019: 23.8% and 4.3% respectively). Details are as follows: ① Revenue from infrastructure operation business decreased year-on-year by 73.0% to RMB0.422 billion with gross profit margin decreasing year-on-year by 30.0 percentage points to 15.6%. The significant decrease in revenue and gross profit was mainly due to the sale of controlling interests in 11 expressways at the end of 2019. ② Revenue from mining business decreased year-on-year by 33.1% to RMB1.763 billion with gross profit margin decreasing year-on-year by 8.0 percentage points to 39.2%. ③ Revenue from merchandise trading business increased year-on-year by 6.3% to RMB20.908 billion with gross profit margin increasing year-on-year by 2.7 percentage points to 9.1%. ④ Revenue from financial business increased year-on-year by 15.2% to RMB1.937 billion with gross profit margin increasing year-on-year by 3.3 percentage points to 79.2%. For the six months ended 30 June 2020, the net cash outflow from operating activities of the Group amounted to RMB50.773 billion, representing an increase of net cash outflow from operating activities of RMB49.805 billion for the corresponding period of 2019. It was mainly due to the delay in settlement from project owners owing to the COVID-19 pandemic. Beside, for ensuring the orderly implementation of resumption of work and production, the Group maintained the necessary reserve of raw materials and settled the payables to suppliers abided by contracts. For the six months ended 30 June 2020, the net cash outflow from investing activities of the Group amounted to RMB21.169 billion, representing an increase of net cash outflow from investing activities of RMB15.202 billion for the corresponding period of 2019. It was mainly due to the increase of equity investment in investment projects and increase of investment in infrastructure investment projects with intangible assets mode. For the six months ended 30 June 2020, the net cash inflow from financing activities of the Group amounted to RMB52.574 billion, representing an increase in the net cash inflow from financing activities of RMB42.442 billion for first half of 2019. It was primarily due to the increase in scale of borrowings and capital contributions from minority shareholders. The capital expenditure of the Group primarily comprises expenditure on purchases of equipment and upgrading of the Group’s production facilities. The Group’s capital expenditure for the first half of 2020 was RMB20.165 billion (including RMB1.763 billion for construction in progress, RMB3.959 billion for purchase of fixed assets, RMB13.637 billion for purchase of intangible assets, RMB0.071 billion for purchase of investment properties and RMB0.735 billion for purchase of right-of-use assets), representing an increase of 90.3% as compared to RMB10.597 billion for the corresponding period of last year. It was mainly due to the increase of service concession arrangements on BOT expressways and waterworks. 2020 Interim Report CHINA RAILWAY GROUP LIMITED 30 June 31 December Turnover of inventory (days) Turnover of trade and bills receivables (days) Turnover of trade and bills payables (days) As at 30 June 2020, the Group’s inventories was RMB47.330 billion, representing an increase of 15.6% as compared to the end of 2019. The inventory turnover days for the six months ended 30 June 2020 increased to 21 days from 19 days for the year of 2019. As at 30 June 2020, properties under development for sale increased by 6.8% to RMB142.929 billion from RMB133.776 billion as at the end of 2019. As at 30 June 2020, trade and bills receivables was RMB158.214 billion, representing an increase of 13.8% from RMB139.080 billion as at the end of 2019. Such increase was mainly due to: ① the normal increase in balance of trade receivables attributable to the growth in business scale and ② there was delay in settlement from certain project owners who had funding pressure owing to the COVID-19 outbreak. The turnover days of trade and bills receivables increased from 56 days for 2019 to 64 days for the first half of 2020. According to the ageing analysis of the trade and bills receivables, most of the Group’s trade and bills receivables were of less than one year and the trade and bills receivables of more than one year accounted for 12.1% (31 December 2019: 16.0%) of the total amount, reflecting the sound receivables management capability of the Group. The following table sets forth the ageing analysis of the Group’s trade and bills receivables (net of impairment) as at 30 June 2020 and 31 December 2019, based on invoice date. 30 June 31 December The Group’s trade and bills payables primarily consist of amounts owed to the Group’s suppliers of raw materials, machinery and equipment. As at 30 June 2020, the Group’s trade and bills payables was RMB361.380 billion, representing an increase of 2.3% from the end of 2019. The turnover days of trade and bills payables for the first half of 2020 was 169 days, representing an increase of 6 days from 163 days for 2019. According to the ageing analysis of the trade and bills payables, most of the Group’s trade and bills payables were of less than one year and the trade and bills payables of more than one year accounted for 8.8% (31 December 2019: 7.0%) of the total amount. The following table sets forth the ageing analysis of the Group’s trade and bills payables as at 30 June 2020 and 31 December 2019, based on invoice date. 30 June 31 December 2020 Interim Report CHINA RAILWAY GROUP LIMITED The following table sets forth the Group’s total borrowings as at 30 June 2020 and 31 December 2019. As at 30 June 2020, 53.5% (31 December 2019: 48.6%) of our borrowings were short-term borrowings. The Group is generally capable of making timely repayments. 30 June 31 December Bank borrowings carry interest rates ranging from 0.75% to 9.50% (31 December 2019: 0.75% to 9.50%) per annum. Long-term debentures carry fixed interest rates ranging from 2.14% to 4.50% (31 December 2019: 2.88% to 4.88%) per annum. Other borrowings carry interest rates ranging from 4.35% to 7.00% (31 December 2019: 4.35% to 7.00%) per annum. The following table sets forth the maturity of the Group’s borrowings as at 30 June 2020 and 31 December 2019. 30 June 31 December As at 30 June 2020 and 31 December 2019, the Group’s bank borrowings comprised fixed-rate bank borrowings amounting to RMB89.252 billion and RMB71.148 billion and floating-rate bank borrowings amounting to RMB120.797 billion and RMB93.527 billion, respectively. The Group’s borrowings are primarily denominated in Renminbi and foreign currency borrowings are primarily denominated in U.S. dollars and Malaysian Ringgit. The following table sets forth the details of the Group’s secured borrowings as at 30 June 2020 and 31 December 2019. As at 30 June 2020 As at 31 December 2019 Secured Carrying value of pledged Secured Carrying value of pledged Trade receivables from As at 30 June 2020, the Group’s unused credit line facilities from banks amounted to RMB826.423 billion (31 December 2019: RMB960.220 billion). As at 30 June 2020, the Group’s gearing ratio (total liabilities/total assets) was 76.7%, representing a decrease of 0.1 percentage point from 76.8% as at 31 December 2019. It was mainly because the Group promoted deleveraging work continuously through increase in equity, expansion in capital, adjustment in assets and risk control. During the six months ended 30 June 2020, the Group completed the issuance of 3 tranches of renewal corporate bonds totaled RMB7.1 billion with coupon rate of 3.11%-3.99% per annum. 2020 Interim Report CHINA RAILWAY GROUP LIMITED The contingent liabilities related to legal claims in the Group’s ordinary course of business are set forth in the table below: 30 June 31 December Pending lawsuits (Note 1) Note 1: The Group has been named in a number of lawsuits arising in the ordinary course of business. Provision has been made for the probable losses to the Group on those claims when management can reasonably estimate the outcome of the lawsuits taking into account of the legal advice. No provision has been made for those pending lawsuits where the management considered that the outcome of the lawsuits cannot be reasonably estimated or management believes the outflow of resources is not probable. The aggregate sum of those unprovided claims is disclosed in the table above. The risks faced by the Group include investment risk, international business risk, cash flow risk, safety production, quality, environmental protection and stability risk and major epidemic prevention and control risk in the ordinary course of business. Investment risk: It refers to the risk that due to the uncertainty about investment results arising from uncontrollable external factors, inadequate research and feasibility studies prior to project investment, inappropriate project implementation and management, significant changes in external macro environment and policies and other factors, which may lead to an investment return lower than expected or an investment failure of the Group. International business risk: It refers to the risk that due to the influence of international political situation, foreign policy changes, administrative intervention from government, economic, social, environmental or technological changes and other factors, as well as conflicts between different cultures, which may lead to the failure to normally perform the contracts in the Group’s overseas investment and contracted projects. Cash flow risk: It refers to the risk that the Group may incur economic losses or loss of reputation in the event of failure to meet the requirements of timely payment, investment expenses or timely repayment of the Company’s debts in its operations due to improper management of cash flow. Safety production, quality, environmental protection, and stability risk: It refers to the risk that due to a lack of effective management in the implementation of management system and measures, technical management, subcontract management, equipment management, personnel management, accident handling, etc., the Group may have products with quality defects, serious production safety accidents and environmental accidents. Consequently, the Group may incur the risks of brand image damage, economic losses, and external regulatory penalties. Major epidemic prevention and control risk: Due to the impact of a major uncontrollable epidemic (COVID-19), some local governments have issued policies that regard the major epidemic as safety accidents and adopted strict control and punishment measures. Consequently, the Group cannot proceed with normal construction of projects under construction or even suffers from suspension of work, which brings great risk of contract performance and severe loss of economic benefits to the Group. To prevent the occurrence of various types of risks, the Group makes various types of risks correspond to the various business processes through the establishment and operation of the internal control system, pursuant to which the Group can decompose and identify the critical control point of business processes, develop specific control measures, establish procedures critical control documents, implement the responsibilities of the various types of risks and critical control point, work closely with the day-to-day management and control, and control risk factors and elements. In addition, the Group strictly supervises the important control aspects of earlier stage of feasibility study, planning, reviewing, auditing, approval and decision-making; enhances process control and post-assessment work, and develop strategies and contingency plans to deal with risks, which guarantees the overall controllability of the Group’s various types of risks. In the second half of 2020, China will continue to adhere to the general principle of pursuing progress while ensuring stability, persist in the new development concept, stick to the supply-side structural reform as the main line, and accelerate the new development pattern of a domestic large cycle as the mainstay and mutual promotion between the domestic and international cycles. China will establish a medium- and long-term coordination mechanism for epidemic prevention and control and economic and social development, adhere to the strategic direction of structural adjustment, rely more on technological innovation, and improve the cross-cycle design and adjustment of macro-control, so as to achieve long-term balance of stable growth and risk prevention. The meeting of the Political Bureau of Central Committee of the CPC held on 30 July pointed out that it is necessary to guarantee funds for the construction of major projects, and focus on quality and efficiency; to speed up the construction of new infrastructure, deeply promote major regional development strategies, and accelerate the implementation of major national strategic projects; to drive investment and consumer demand by urbanization, and promote the innovation of the system and mechanism for the integrated development of city clusters and metropolitan areas; to continue to fight pollution prevention and control, and promote the implementation of a number of major ecological protection projects regarding the Yangtze and Yellow Rivers. It provides new growth points and development opportunities for the infrastructure market. In the face of the ever-changing international situation, the normalization of epidemic prevention and control, and the huge development space, the Group will accumulate and gain momentum, identify, seek and respond to changes, focus on key points, make up for shortcomings, and strengthen weak areas, to promote the high- quality development of the Company. First, the Group will accelerate the improvement of business scale and quality. The Group will consolidate the traditional market and strengthen the core business; promote the upgrading of business thinking and expand emerging markets; and attach great importance to operation quality and clarify responsibilities at all levels. Second, the Group will consolidate the foundation for development and accelerate the improvement of project management standards. The Group will accelerate the construction of a project management-oriented system, adhere to the equal emphasis on micro-cost and macro-cost, pay attention to management and technology cost reduction, steadily improve the refined management of projects, strengthen the management improvement of the entire production process, and ensure that each project achieves expected income. Third, the Group will strengthen overall planning and accelerate the improvement of economic management and control capabilities. The Group will improve the internal fund distribution and circulation mechanism, enhance the efficiency of fund use, strengthen the service capabilities of financial enterprises, flexibly connect the capital market and financial institutions, and strengthen the overall management and control of funds; implement dual control over debt ratio and debt scale, scientifically allocate financial resources, and strive to optimize overall resource allocation. 