protection. In the PRC, COVID-19 is a major public health emergency, with the highest transmission speed, widest infection geographical area and most difficulty in the prevention and control since the establishment of the PRC. Under the influence of COVID-19, the PRC civil aviation industry has also been affected severely with a significant decrease in the number of passengers carried and a sharp decline in the operational efficiency of airlines. All members of the Group have emphasised the importance of confronting and promptly carried out COVID-19 prevention and control measures around three aspects: “fulfilling social responsibilities, ensuring passenger services, and caring and protecting employees”, which has played an important role in the urgent transportation of medical supplies and medical staff, and ensuring the safety and health of passengers and employees. Based on the development of COVID-19 and market demand, the Group has promoted the resumption of flights in stages and built an “air channel” for the resumption of work and production, which has made an important contribution to the restoration of economic and social order. Facing the changes in the market demand caused by COVID-19, the Group timely adjusted its operating strategies, dynamically optimised and adjusted its transportation capacity, reasonably allocated its resources, strengthened cooperation and linkage, promoted fine management, implemented strict cost control measures, actively strived for policy support from all aspects, carried out unconventional passenger flights1 to transport COVID-19 prevention materials through various methods, including customising charter flights for resumption of work and production, and “Passenger-to- Freighter Conversion”, and promptly launched products such as “Wild Your Dream” (“ ”)2 to turn spare transportation capacity into productivity, in order to minimise the loss caused by COVID-19. Although the Group has actively taken response measures, under the adverse effect of COVID-19, the production volume, revenue, profit and other indicators of the Group have all dropped significantly. In the first half of 2020, the Group had a total traffic volume of 4.562 billion tonne- kilometres and served 25.737 million passengers. Revenue amounted to RMB25,159 million and net loss attributable to shareholders of the Company amounted to RMB8,542 million. In the first half of 2020, all members of the Group worked hard, remained focused, forged ahead, overcame difficulties, and steadily promoted COVID-19 prevention and control, production and operation, and reform and development. “Unconventional passenger flights”: Unconventional passenger flights include “Passenger Aircraft for Freight”, “Passenger-to-Freighter Conversion” and “Passenger-to-Freighter Conversion Aircraft”, among which, passenger aircraft that carry cargoes in their bellyhold space and cabin without removing cabin seats are called “Passenger Aircraft for Freight”; passenger aircraft that only carry cargoes in their bellyhold space are called “Passenger-to-Freighter Conversion”; and passenger aircraft being converted with cabin seats removed to carry cargoes at their bellyhold space and cabin are called “Passenger-to-Freighter Conversion Aircraft”. In order to reduce the adverse effects of COVID-19 and seize the freight business opportunities, the Group transported COVID-19 prevention materials with various methods, including “Passenger Aircraft for Freight”, “Passenger- to-Freighter Conversion” and “Passenger-to-Freighter Conversion Aircraft”. In accordance with the non-competition agreement between the Group and Eastern Logistics and relevant regulatory requirements, the Group engages Eastern Logistics for the external operation, organization and implementation of such freight business. “Wild Your Dream” (“ ”): It is the air travel package product launched by the Company on 18 June 2020. After purchasing the package, passengers can take an unlimited number of rides in the economy class of the domestic flights actually operated by the Company as well as Shanghai Airlines every weekend before 31 December 2020. 