Kingworld Medicines Group Limited Interim Report 2020 | 5 With the sudden outbreak of the Pandemic in China at the end of December 2019, there were sporadic cases of confirmed infection in various provinces and cities early this year. In the first half of 2020, the Pandemic gradually spread across the world and many countries which are affected by the Pandemic have implemented infection prevention measures adopted by the Chinese government such as lockdowns and closure of borders, which led to a decrease in production and consumer expenditure as well as volatility in stock markets. Along with the significant reduction in trade activities in various countries, the global economy has plunged into the worst recession since World War II. In the first half of 2020, China’s gross domestic product (“GDP”) was approximately RMB45,661.4 billion, representing a period-on-period decrease of 1.6%. In terms of GDP by quarters, the GDP decreased by 6.8% period-on-period in the first quarter and increased by 3.2% period-on-period in the second quarter. Among which, the added value of the service industry decreased by 5.2% period-on-period in the first quarter and increased by 1.9% period-on-period in the second quarter. In the first half of 2020, China’s consumer price index increased by 3.8% period-on-period, which was 1.1% lower than that in the first quarter. The total retail sales of consumer goods was approximately RMB17,225.6 billion, representing a period-on-period decrease of 11.4%, which was 7.6% lower than that in the first quarter. In the second quarter of 2020, the total retail sales of consumer goods decreased by 3.9%, which was 15.1% lower than that in the first quarter. In the first half of 2020, most economic indicators were rebounding or decreasing at a slower pace. However, in terms of the cumulative pace in the first half of 2020, most of the economic indicators in respect of GDP, the service industry and consumption were falling. In the first half of 2020, as the Pandemic continuously spread and escalated across the world, normalised Pandemic prevention and control have brought severe challenges to China. The complex and changing domestic and international situation as well as natural disasters had caused disruption in the industry chain, supply chain and foreign trade exports in mainland China, which had adversely affected the recovery of economy of China. According to the statistical information, the sales of medicines in the over-the-counter (the “OTC”) markets and terminals, such as pharmacies and medical stores declined drastically in the first quarter of 2020. Since February 2020, due to restrictions on the flow of people and the suspension of sales of certain kinds of medicines, the average in-store sales per month plummeted. More than 50% period-on-period decrease was recorded in the peak of the Pandemic in China. In the first half of 2020, affected by the Pandemic, the business of the Group in the pharmaceutical products and healthcare products segment in mainland China, Hong Kong and Macau had recorded a decrease in revenue. However, as the most notable symptoms of the Pandemic is fever, there has been a surge in demand for infrared body temperature monitor products, which have become essential products for businesses and households. In April 2020, leveraging on its years of experience and mature technology in research and development, manufacturing and production of infrared body temperature monitor products, Dong Di Xin, the Group’s medical devices segment, was listed by the China Chamber of Commerce for Import and Export of Medicines and Health Products as one of the medical supplies manufacturers that has obtained foreign standard certification or registered licence to export infrared thermometers. Under normalised Pandemic prevention and control, the general public has become more health consciousness. The awareness of healthy lifestyles has risen notably, and the demand for health-promoting products has increased significantly. In the first half of 2020, China’s per capita expenditure on medical grade alcohol, masks and other medical and sanitary supplies increased by 3.3 times, and the per capita expenditure on washing and sanitary products increased by 19.9%. The Group assisted the country and the people in fighting against the Pandemic together by expanding its product portfolio to cover the distribution of medical masks that meet certain certification standards, thereby helping to alleviate the shortage of medical masks in the market. 6 | Kingworld Medicines Group Limited Interim Report 2020 On the other hand, as crises coexist with opportunities, the Pandemic has increased the public’s health awareness and brought new opportunities to the Group’s “Three Treasures of Pandemic Prevention” ( ), namely medical masks, infrared thermometers and Pu Ji Kang Gan Granules ( ). Since the outbreak of the Pandemic, Nin Jiom Chuan Bei Pei Pa Koa has been selected as a recommended pharmaceutical product for the treatment of the Pandemic in Wuhan Union Hospital and listed as a phlegm-reducing drug on the list of drugs for the prevention and treatment of the Pandemic recommended by the Shandong Provincial Pharmaceutical Retail Industry Association. Pu Ji Kang Gan Granules is a product made from many years of experience in treatment of respiratory tract infections by Professor Qu Jinglai and Professor Gao Xue who were previously engaged in the front-line clinical treatment for the Severe Acute Respiratory Syndrome (SARS). It can be applied to upper respiratory tract infections and other diseases having similar symptoms as flu such as acute tonsillitis. It has apparent efficacy and limited side effects and can also be used to prevent virus infections. The Group expects that Kingworld’s “Three Treasures of Pandemic Prevention” will bring positive development to the Group. The Group has been committed to developing a well-established upstream and downstream supply chain system for the greater health products and services industry for the past 25 years. Currently, the Group has business presence in more than 34 provinces and cities in China. The Group was named as one of the Top 100 Import Enterprises of Pharmaceutical and Healthcare Products for six consecutive years from 2009 to 2014 and one of the Top 5 Sales Enterprises of Chinese Patent Medicines in 2013. The Group was awarded as the Guangdong Province Enterprise of Observing Contract and Valuing Credit for six consecutive years, and was also ranked among Shenzhen’s Top 500 Enterprises in 2018 and 2019 and continued to be recognised as a “Shenzhen Time-honoured Brand” in 2019. The Group is a leading and well-known omni-channel enterprise with a complete supply chain in the greater health products and services industry in China. It also provides high-end logistics management services, business-to-customer (B2C) trading services and data services to major leading pharmaceutical and healthcare product suppliers, manufacturers and distributors, and is a pharmaceutical and healthcare product supply chain management services enterprise integrated with logistics, product and information. The three major business segments of the Group are: Pharmaceutical products segment: acting as an agent and distributor of high-quality and well-known pharmaceutical products from overseas, including the acclaimed Nin Jiom ( ) product series and the Taiko Seirogan ( ); Healthcare products segment: distributing high-quality and well-known healthcare products from overseas, including the flagship Culturelle ( ) probiotics product series, the Lifeline Care maternal and infant fish oil nutrient product series, the “CARMEX” lipstick series and Medical devices segment: undertaking research and development (R&D), manufacturing and production of medical devices such as infrared thermometers and distributing medical supplies such as medical masks. Kingworld Medicines Group Limited Interim Report 2020 | 7 For the six months ended 30 June 2020 (the “Reporting Period”), revenue from the pharmaceutical products segment amounted to approximately RMB104,090,000, representing a period-on-period decrease of 71.1% and accounting for 35.5% of the Group’s total revenue; revenue from the healthcare products segment was approximately RMB42,492,000, representing a period-on-period decrease of 42.5% and accounting for 14.5% of the Group’s total revenue; and revenue from the medical devices segment amounted to approximately RMB146,366,000, representing a period-on-period increase of 72.6% and accounting for 50.0% of the Group’s total revenue. Healthcare Medical First half of 2020 Healthcare Medical First half of 2019 During the Pandemic, owing to the lockdown of certain cities, the flow of people and logistics and transportation were affected. Distribution sales of the Group’s pharmaceutical products and healthcare products decreased over 60% in total in the first half of 2020. However, the decrease was partially offset by the significant growth in the sales of medical devices, which grew by more than 70% in the first half of 2020. It is due to the significant increase in the sales of infrared thermometers by Dong Di Xin, the medical devices segment of the Group. Thus, for the six months ended 30 June 2020, the Group’s profit for the Reporting Period still amounted to over RMB31.5 million. The overall gross profit margin increased by about 10 percentage points to 37.5%. Looking forward, as the public’s awareness of Pandemic prevention increases, the general public hygiene will become the norm and the demand for Pandemic prevention products will continue to increase, which is positive to the prospects of Dong Di Xin. As the Pandemic stabilises and businesses resume their operations and production, the sales of pharmaceutical products and healthcare products of the Group is expected to resume to normal. Nin Jiom Chuan Bei Pei Pa Koa ( ) (“Nin Jiom Pei Pa Koa”) is the best-selling flagship product of the Group. Since the outbreak of the Pandemic, Nin Jiom Pei Pa Koa has been selected as a recommended pharmaceutical product for the treatment of the Pandemic infections in Wuhan Union Hospital and listed as a phlegm-reducing drug in the list of drugs for the prevention and treatment of the Pandemic recommended by the Shandong Provincial Pharmaceutical Retail Industry Association. 8 | Kingworld Medicines Group Limited Interim Report 2020 However, in view of the changes in the situation of Pandemic prevention and control, the Chinese government has restricted the sales of flu and cough-reducing products, and pharmacies are no longer allowed to sell such products. The Chinese government also requires retail pharmacies to standardise and implement prevention and control measures such as environmental cleanliness, disinfection, ventilation, temperature monitoring, staff trainings on knowledge of prevention and control of infection, maintaining proper social distance between people, limiting the holding of mass promotional activities as far as possible, requiring real-name registration for consumers who buy antipyretic and cough-reducing medicines. Moreover, the implementation of the policy of changing the green health code to yellow health code after buying such products directly caused consumers not to buy drugs even if only suffering from common coughing. The ‘Stay at Home’ guidance issued by the Chinese government also led to a decrease in the number of customers visiting pharmacies. As most outdoor activities have been postponed or cancelled, brand exposure and sales have also been reduced. Meanwhile, consumers have developed the habit of wearing masks and washing hands frequently, which have reduced the chance of catching a flu and thereby reduced consumer demand, and resulted in a decrease in the Group’s sales revenue. Due to the above reasons, during the Reporting Period, revenue from Nin Jiom Pei Pa Koa decreased significantly by 71.6% period-on-period to RMB72,851,000; and revenue from Nin Jiom Herbal Candies also decreased by 28.8% period-on-period to RMB14,131,000. As the situation of Pandemic in China stabilises, work, production, business and markets in various regions have gradually resumed, and production and living have gradually returned to normal. The Chinese government has stepped up its efforts in promoting domestic demand and releasing consumption potential, so as to boost market recovery. The Group expects that the overall sales in the second half of 2020 will gradually stabilise. The Pandemic also affected the sales of Taiko Seirogan to a certain extent. During the Reporting Period, the overall revenue of Taiko Seirogan decreased by 95.2% period-on-period to RMB3,117,000. Although the sales of Taiko Seirogan was affected by the Pandemic, the Group continued to consolidate the foundation work and strengthened the distribution and channel penetration for Taiko Seirogan through online trainings provided to store staff and strengthened promotional activities with consumers through internet during the Reporting Period. The Group actively carried out online medicine marketing in micro business malls such as JD Pharmacy ( ), Ali Health Pharmacy ( ), Dingdang Smart ( ), Neptunus ( ) and DaShenLin ( ) to integrate online and offline marketing. Online promotion methods mainly include doctors’ live broadcast, Baidu Q&As, advertorials of key opinion leaders (“KOLs”) on Xiaohongshu and TikTok short videos. Offline promotion methods mainly include display of billboard advertisements on bustling streets of some cities, bus exterior advertisements, pillow cover and magazine advertisements on trains as well as advertisements in high-speed railway stations and border entry-exit gates. Kingworld Medicines Group Limited Interim Report 2020 | 9 Taiko Seirogan on “Little Red Book” In the first half of 2020, Hong Kong’s overall economy and retail market had been affected by the Pandemic and social events. The sales of the Culturelle probiotics product series from the U.S., being the Group’s flagship healthcare product, was also affected. During the Reporting Period, the overall revenue from the sale of Culturelle probiotics in the Hong Kong and Macau markets decreased by 69.9% period-on-period. The Group expects that the retail market in Hong Kong and Macau will continue to be affected by the Pandemic during the year as consumers’ willingness to spend decreases. However, the Group is still optimistic about the future development potential of the probiotics market. During the Reporting Period, the Group continued to actively promote the brand of Culturelle probiotics, including advertising in core MTR stations and major newspapers and cooperating with large personal care product chains such as Mannings and Sasa in product promotion and sales promotion activities, and will continue to participate in international infant and children’s products expo. 10 | Kingworld Medicines Group Limited Interim Report 2020 Lifeline Care (“LLC”) maternal and infant fish oil nutrient product series from Norway is a key healthcare product brand of the Group. During the Reporting Period, through the cooperation with a number of large-scale cross-border e-commerce platforms as well as recommendations by professional doctors, experts in the maternal and infant field and celebrities, and strengthening cooperation with KOLs for live broadcast promotions amid the Pandemic, the Group has recorded satisfactory revenue in LLC products in the first half of the year. In addition, the Group has explored a number of online marketing channels such as Tmall, Taobao masters, Kuaishou live broadcast, Nicomama and TikTok videos, and the Group also explored various offline promotion channels with its advertising exposure covering more than 600 spots with advertising screens and advertisements on 50,000 parcels. The Group has also made light box advertisements in Luohu business district in Shenzhen to improve its brand exposure. During the Reporting Period, LLC’s sales revenue significantly increased by 23.0% period-on-period. The Group is an agent and distributor of various renowned medicated oil products for external use, including the Mentholatum ( ) series, and Kingworld Imada Red Flower Oil ( ), its own brand. During the Reporting Period, the product series of medicated oils for external use was affected by the Pandemic, which led to a decline in sales. During the Pandemic, the Group participated in various public welfare activities, including donation of Mentholatum products to units fighting on the front line of the Pandemic. The Group also carried out online new retailing promotion and marketing activities through major e-commerce platforms, including holding live broadcasts and acquisition of new users, so as to promote online and offline integration. In addition, the Group gained exposure through KOLs on Xiaohongshu, advertorials on Weibo and WeChat as well as short videos on Bilibili and TikTok, so that more consumers can learn about the efficacy and uses of Compound Mentholatum Ointment ( ) and Mentholatum Nasal Inhaler ( ). Kingworld Medicines Group Limited Interim Report 2020 | 11 As the Chinese government has normalised anti-Pandemic measures and recommended maintaining proper social distance between people, many large-scale events and gatherings have been cancelled or postponed, while tourism and business travel have been reduced. The Group has always actively supported various types of sports events. Due to the outbreak of the Pandemic, all major sports events were postponed or cancelled during the Reporting Period, which led to the significant reduction in offline promotion and exposure of Kingworld Imada Red Flower Oil (“Red Flower Oil”). To precisely capture the out-of-stock timing of competing products and overcome the difficulties brought by the Pandemic, the Group has strengthened the cooperation with the distributors and product deployment in terminal retail stores. In addition, the Group established various WeChat groups for online staff training regarding the products of the Group. The Group has established incentive schemes for salespeople and partners. In terms of branding, the Group has re-positioned and revised the promotion strategy of Red Flower Oil, using platforms such as TikTok and Xiaohongshu to increase the online exposure of Red Flower Oil. Meanwhile, through live broadcast platforms of major pharmacies, the Group explained the efficacy of Red Flower Oil to consumers, so as to drive consumers’ consumption. On the other hand, the Group actively participated in anti-Pandemic charity work, mainly including the donation of Red Flower Oil to the frontline workers of the Shenzhen Metro and the cooperation with the Haikou Municipal Committee of the Communist Youth League to send Kingworld Healthcare Packages ( ) to the families of medical staff in Haikou who assisted in fighting against the Pandemic in Wuhan. Benefited from the increase in sales driven by effective promotions, during the Reporting Period, the revenue from the sale of Kingworld Imada Red Flower Oil increased significantly by 65.7% period-on-period. CARMEX is a globally renowned brand for its lipstick series, with 145 lipsticks sold every minute worldwide. Prior to the Pandemic, CARMEX lipstick series were mainly sold via offline high-end healthcare stores such as Watson’s, cosmetics stores and convenience stores. Due to decreased customers flow at offline stores as affected by the Pandemic, sales were drastically affected. Thus, the Group agilely turned to the online platform and cooperated with KOLs to hold live broadcasts to boost online sales. During the Reporting Period, two successful live broadcasts were led by leading KOLs, the Group reported encouraging sales and an online flagship shop for CARMEX brand was established, which further strengthened the brand image and grasped online sales opportunity. As a result, sales revenue from CARMEX lipstick series rose significantly by 210.9% period-on-period during the Reporting Period. 12 | Kingworld Medicines Group Limited Interim Report 2020 The Pandemic has resulted in a rapid increase in the demand for medical devices in various countries. As China is the world’s largest producer of masks and medical devices, Premier Mr. Li Keqiang put forward explicit requirements to increase the production of medical supplies while ensuring their quality. At the same time, the regulations regarding the export of certain medical supplies in China have been tightened and only companies that are listed on the Name List of Medical Devices and Supplies Companies with Certification/Authorisation from other Countries ( ) may export certain medical supplies. Dong Di Xin, the medical devices segment of the Group, is a medical devices manufacturer that has obtained various certifications and licences for the medical devices it manufactures and/or exports, including the certification issued by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA), the CE0197 marking, and ISO13485 certification for its infrared thermometers. During the Pandemic, according to the No. 12 announcement in 2020 jointly issued by the Ministry of Commerce, General Administration of Customs and State Administration for Market Regulation, anti-Pandemic products can only be sold and/ or exported if their manufacturers are listed on the list by the China Chamber of Commerce for Import and Export of Medicines and Health Products (the “Export White List”) starting from 26 April 2020. Dong Di Xin, leveraging its superior production quality and comprehensive quality system, has become the fourth infrared thermometer manufacturer in China to be included on the Export White List. It indicates that Dong Di Xin is not only qualified to export to the U.S. and Europe during the Pandemic, but also able to handle bulk overseas purchase orders and deliver timely. With more than twenty years’ of experience in designing and manufacturing various high-end infrared thermometer products, Dong Di Xin is highly recognised for its product quality by various European and American brands. It successfully expanded sales to over 60 countries and regions. In particular, its infrared thermometers are sold in the second largest chain pharmacies in the U.S. During the Pandemic, infrared thermometers have become an essential item for household and business units and order for infrared thermometers increased significantly. During the Reporting Period, benefited from the large increase in overseas orders, Dong Di Xin’s revenue amounted to approximately RMB146,366,000, representing a period-on-period increase of Name List of Medical Devices and Supplies Companies with Certification/Authorisation from other Countries Kingworld Medicines Group Limited Interim Report 2020 | 13 14 | Kingworld Medicines Group Limited Interim Report 2020 Kingworld Medicines Group Limited Interim Report 2020 | 15 Since the outbreak of the Pandemic, Chinese people have made concerted efforts in fighting against the Pandemic. The Group has upheld its corporate philosophy of “serving the community and benefiting the world” ( ). In response to the shortage of medical masks as a result of the Pandemic, the Group has further enriched its product portfolio to cover the distribution of medical masks that meet certain certification standards, thereby helping to alleviate the shortage of medical masks and generate positive income for the Group in the long run. As at the date of this report, the medical masks produced by Shenzhen Kingworld Lifeshine Pharmaceutical Company Limited* ( ), a connected party of the Group, has obtained or is applying for 22 types of qualifications. Kingworld Lifeshine was officially listed on the Name List of Medical Devices and Supplies Companies with Certification/Authorisation from other Countries ( ) on 4 August 2020, and its medical masks have obtained the domestic certification for exporting to Europe. During the Pandemic, the Group has enhanced the promotion of medical masks in domestic pharmacy chain stores. Currently, the medical masks distributed by the Group (“Kingworld Lifeshine medical masks”) have already established strong presence in domestic chain stores and pharmacies in China. 16 | Kingworld Medicines Group Limited Interim Report 2020 Kingworld Medicines Group Limited Interim Report 2020 | 17 18 | Kingworld Medicines Group Limited Interim Report 2020 The Group operates with integrity and meticulously manages its business. As a leading and well-known omni-channel enterprise with a complete supply chain in the greater health products and services industry, the Group actively contributes to society and is committed to shouldering its corporate responsibilities. During the Pandemic, the Group walked side by side with everyone and strived to implement Pandemic prevention measures to protect its employees, mainly including attaching great importance to the cleaning and disinfection of office spaces, measuring employees’ body temperature before entering the office, providing Pandemic prevention and disinfection supplies in the office, requiring employees to wear masks during work, providing employees with masks and immune-enhancing healthcare products, and requiring employees to take turns to have meals and maintain social distance. On the other hand, the Group has actively supported the government’s anti- Pandemic work. The Group has donated medical supplies, cash and anti-infective drugs worth over RMB1 million to the frontline staff in fighting against the Pandemic through various channels, and 400,000 disposable medical masks to the China Overseas Friendship Association to assist overseas patriotic Chinese associations, vowing to fight against the abrupt Pandemic together with the people of China. Kingworld Medicines Group Limited Interim Report 2020 | 19 The Pandemic has resulted in a difficult business environment in many countries over the world, and the Group’s business in mainland China, Hong Kong and Macau have faced severe challenges. In the first half of 2020, in face of the rapid changes in the economic environment, the Group reorganised its operational structure, revised and optimised performance appraisal targets for middle and senior managers, improved the Company’s incentive and restraint mechanism, effectively mobilising the enthusiasm and creativity of its marketing and sales staff, and strengthening the Company’s distribution philosophy of “the one who does more work gets more pay”, so as to strive to achieve the Company’s annual operating targets. Meanwhile, the Group intensely explored markets in regions with relatively weaker results, promoted the end penetration of sales, consolidated regional distribution management, made full use of the SMART system to facilitate the systematisation of market and sales data management, and actively promoted the coverage of end products in various regions to keep the prices of its product standard and stable. During the Reporting Period, the Group has focused on internal management to enhance its various business management systems and processes by making use of its internal management systems, so as to improve the operating efficiency of each section and reduce unnecessary expenses in order to make the management precise and standardised to reduce the management cost, creating a more competitive marketing platform for future development. 20 | Kingworld Medicines Group Limited Interim Report 2020 With the advent of the aging society, there is great development potential in the chronic disease drugs market. With the implementation of national hierarchical medical system and 4+7 policy in China, some major cardiovascular drugs manufacturers are looking for opportunities in the OTC market. The Group has over 20 years of experience in the OTC market and is expected to have many collaboration opportunities in the future. During the Reporting Period, the Group has been actively seeking product collaboration in chronic disease management, health management, and nutritional and healthcare products. During the Reporting Period, the investment projects of the Group maintained steady development and generated favourable returns. Such investment projects included the 15% equity interest investment in Dong Hua Tong Investments Limited ( ) in 2015, the indirect investment in Miquel Alimentació ( ) (a Spanish company engaged in food distribution and wholesale and supply chain management) and Manassen Foods Australia (a major food company), as well as the subscription of 2,302,000 public-offered shares of Chuangmei Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. (02289.HK) in 2015. The Group has continued to receive favourable dividend returns from these two investment projects. On the other hand, the Group actively sought high-quality project investment opportunities, including the participation in BYD Semiconductor Co., Ltd.’s project to introduce strategic investors through Shenzhen Guoxin South No. 3 Investment Partnership (Limited Partnership) ( )) and Shenzhen AVIC Kaisheng Auto Semiconductor Investment Partnership (Limited Partnership) ( )) by Shenzhen Kingworld Medicine Company Limited (“Shenzhen Kingworld”), a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Group, at the beginning of 2020. Such investment will bring favourable investment returns to the Group in the future. During the Reporting Period, the Group received the following honours and awards: In January 2020, the Group was included in the list of “Shenzhen Top Brands” at the 17th “Shenzhen Top Brand” In January 2020, at the commendation ceremony of the sixth meeting of the sixth session of the Shenzhen Political Consultative Conference, Mr. Zhao Li Sheng, the Chairman of the board of directors (the “Board”) of the Company and a member of the Shenzhen Municipal Committee of the Chinese People’s Political Consultative Conference (CPPCC), was awarded the honour of “Excellent Member” of the CPPCC in 2019 In May 2020, Shenzhen Dong Di Xin Technology Company Limited, the holding Company of the Group, was included in the latest “Name List of Medical Devices and Supplies Companies with Certification/Authorisation from other Countries ( )” issued by the China Chamber of Commerce for In May 2020, at the first meeting of the first session of the Shenzhen Business Environment Optimisation Advisory and Supervisory Committee ( ) held by the Shenzhen Development and Reform Commission, Mr. Zhao Li Sheng, the Chairman of the Board, was officially appointed as a member of the first session Kingworld Medicines Group Limited Interim Report 2020 | 21 In June 2020, the Group was awarded the honourable title of “Guangdong Province Enterprise of Observing Contract and Valuing Credit 2019” by the Shenzhen Municipal Market and Quality Supervision and Administration Commission 22 | Kingworld Medicines Group Limited Interim Report 2020 Revenue of the Group for the six months ended 30 June 2020 amounted to approximately RMB292,948,000, representing a decrease of approximately RMB226,094,000 or 43.6% compared to approximately RMB519,042,000 for the six months ended 30 June 2019. The decrease was mainly as a result of the decrease in revenue from the sales of Nin Jiom Chuan Bei Pei Pa Koa and Culturelle probiotics product series. The decrease was mainly due to the negative impacts from the Pandemic, which drove down the demand for the pharmaceutical products and healthcare products of the Group as the movement of people and goods was restricted. Such decrease was partially offset by the increase in sales of medical devices, including infrared thermometer, manufactured by Dong Di Xin. These Pandemic preventive products were in great demand during the Reporting Period. For the six months ended 30 June 2020, cost of sales of the Group amounted to approximately RMB183,024,000, decreased by approximately RMB190,553,000 or 51.0% when compared to approximately RMB373,577,000 for the six months ended 30 June 2019. The decrease in cost of sales was mainly due to the decrease in revenue and the change of product mix. Gross profit margin increased from 28.0% for the six months ended 30 June 2019 to 37.5% for the six months ended 30 June 2020 as a result of the increase in proportion of revenue from products with relatively higher margin, in particular the medical device products from Dong Di Xin, during the Reporting Period. Other revenue, income and other net gains mainly included rental income, interest income, promotion service income, commission income, investment gain and exchange loss. For the six months ended 30 June 2020, other revenue, income and other net gains amounted to approximately RMB40,910,000, increased by approximately RMB22,580,000 or 123.2% when compared to approximately RMB18,330,000 for the six months ended 30 June 2019. This increase was mainly due to the increase in promotion service income during the Reporting Period. For the six months ended 30 June 2020, selling and distribution costs amounted to approximately RMB42,700,000, decreased by approximately RMB11,983,000 or 21.9% when compared to approximately RMB54,683,000 for the six months ended 30 June 2019. This decrease was mainly due to the decrease in advertising and promotion expenses from approximately RMB17,324,000 for the six months ended 30 June 2019 to approximately RMB11,185,000 for the Reporting Period and the decrease in bonus costs from RMB6,827,000 for the six months ended 30 June 2019 to RMB5,933,000 for the Reporting Period. For the six months ended 30 June 2020, administrative expenses amounted to approximately RMB46,919,000, increased by approximately RMB698,000 or 1.5% when compared to approximately RMB46,221,000 for the six months ended 30 June 2019. This increase was mainly due to the increase in provision for obsolete inventories during the Reporting Period. Kingworld Medicines Group Limited Interim Report 2020 | 23 For the six months ended 30 June 2020, profit from operations for the Group amounted to approximately RMB49,328,000, decreased by approximately RMB3,912,000 or 7.3% when compared to approximately RMB53,240,000 for the six months ended 30 June 2019. The decrease in profit from operations was mainly due to the decrease in gross profit, which partially offset by the increase in other revenue, income and other net gains, and the decrease in selling and distribution costs for the Reporting Period. For the six months ended 30 June 2020, finance costs amounted to approximately RMB7,183,000, decreased by approximately RMB1,617,000 or 18.4% when compared to approximately RMB8,800,000 for the six months ended 30 June 2019. The decrease in finance costs was mainly due to the decrease in interest charged on bank loans as a result of a decrease in interest rate of lendings. For the six months ended 30 June 2020, profit before taxation for the Group amounted to approximately RMB45,318,000, decreased by approximately RMB5,192,000 or 10.3% when compared to approximately RMB50,510,000 for the six months ended 30 June 2019. The decrease in profit before taxation was mainly due to the decrease in profit from operations and share of profit of a joint venture. For the six months ended 30 June 2020, income tax for the Group amounted to approximately RMB13,545,000, increased by approximately RMB1,185,000 or 9.6% when compared to approximately RMB12,360,000 for the six months ended 30 June 2019. The effective tax rate during the Reporting Period was 29.9%, compared to 24.5% for the six months ended 30 June 2019. Details of income tax are set forth in Note (9) to the condensed consolidated financial statements. As a result of the foregoing, for the six months ended 30 June 2020, profit for the period of the Group amounted to approximately RMB31,773,000, decreased by approximately RMB6,377,000 or 16.7% when compared to approximately RMB38,150,000 for the six months ended 30 June 2019. For the six months ended 30 June 2020, profit for the period attributable to owners of the Company amounted to approximately RMB9,850,000, decreased by approximately RMB23,035,000 or 70.0% when compared to approximately RMB32,885,000 for the six months ended 30 June 2019. The decrease was mainly due to the fact that profit for the period of approximately RMB31,773,000 was mainly derived from our 55% owned subsidiary, Dong Di Xin. 24 | Kingworld Medicines Group Limited Interim Report 2020 The Group has met its working capital needs mainly through cash generated from operations and various short-to- long term bank borrowings. During the Reporting Period, the effective interest rate for fixed rate loans ranged from 2.70% to 5.88%. Taking into account the cash flow generated from operations and the bank borrowing facilities available to the Group, the Directors are of the view that the Group has sufficient working capital to meet its current liquidity demand and the liquidity demand within at least twelve months from the date of publication of this report. As at 30 June 2020, the Group had cash and cash equivalents of RMB263,324,000 mainly generated from operations of the Group. The Group’s cash is primarily used to meet the demand of financing its working capital requirement, repaying interest and principal due on its indebtedness and providing funds for capital expenditures as well as growth and expansion of the Group’s operations. During the Reporting Period, the Group’s cash and cash equivalents increased by approximately RMB149,829,000, which mainly comprised the net cash inflow from operating activities with the amount of approximately RMB31,336,000, net cash outflow used in investing activities with the amount of approximately RMB11,981,000, net cash inflow from financing activities with the amount of approximately RMB126,429,000, and the net positive effect of foreign exchange of approximately RMB4,045,000. The net cash inflow from financing activities was mainly net proceeds from new bank borrowings. The total amount of the borrowings of the Group which will be due within one to three years as at 30 June 2020 was approximately RMB393,970,000. During the Reporting Period, the Group did not experience any difficulties in renewing its banking facilities with its lenders. As at 30 June 2020, the Group’s asset-liability ratio calculated as the total bank borrowings divided by total assets multiplied by 100% was 29.3% (as at 31 December 2019: 16.7%). The increase in asset-liability ratio was mainly due to the increase in bank borrowings. As at 30 June 2020, the Group had pledged investment properties, leasehold land held for own use under operating leases and property, plant and equipment to certain banks in the amount of approximately RMB108,900,000, RMB57,605,000 and RMB20,439,000, respectively (as at 31 December 2019: the Group had pledged investment properties, right-of-use assets and property, plant and equipment to certain banks in the amount of approximately RMB108,900,000, RMB58,287,000 and RMB20,984,000, respectively). Kingworld Medicines Group Limited Interim Report 2020 | 25 The capital expenditures of the Group primarily included purchase of plant and equipment and leasehold improvements. The Group’s capital expenditures amounted to approximately RMB3,175,000 and RMB4,090,000 for the Reporting Period and the six months ended 30 June 2019, respectively. The principal business of the Group has used RMB, HK$, Euro and US$ as the functional and operational currencies. The Group faces foreign exchange risk arising from RMB, HK$, Euro and US$. The Group has no major risks in changes in other currency exchange rates. As at 30 June 2020, the Group did not have any material contingent liabilities, legal proceedings or potential proceedings. As disclosed in the 2018 annual report of the Company (the “2018 Annual Report”), a claim was filed by the former chief executive officer of Dong Di Xin (the “Plaintiff”) against the substantial shareholder of Dong Di Xin (the “Substantial Shareholder”) and Dong Di Xin and the appeal lodged by Dong Di Xin (the “Appeal”) to Shenzhen Intermediate People’s Court of Guangdong Province ( ) (the “Intermediate Court”) against the judgment (the “Judgment”) handed down by Shenzhen Nanshan District People’s Court of Guangdong Province ( ) (the “Court”) ordering: (1) the Substantial Shareholder to transfer his 15% equity interest in Dong Di Xin to the Plaintiff (the “Equity Transfer”); (2) the Substantial Shareholder and Dong Di Xin to assist in all relevant procedures for completing the Equity Transfer; and (3) the litigation fee of RMB2,900 shall be borne by the Substantial Shareholder and Dong Di Xin. As disclosed in the 2018 Annual Report, the Judgment will not have any material adverse impact on the Group’s ordinary operations and financial positions as the Company will not bear any liability or any significant litigation fee being ordered to pay and there will be no dilutive effect on the Group’s holding in the equity interest in Dong Di Xin. On 30 July 2018, the Intermediate Court, among other things, set aside the Judgment of the Court and ruled the case to be returned to the Court for re-trial (the “Re-trial”). According to the judgment for the Re-trial dated 19 June 2019 (the “2019 Judgment”) handed down by the Court, the Court ordered (i) the Equity Transfer; and (ii) Dong Di Xin to provide relevant assistance for completing the Equity Transfer and dismissed the claims and counterclaims of the Substantial Shareholder. The Company has been informed that each of the Substantial Shareholder and Dong Di Xin has lodged an appeal (the “2019 Appeal”) against the 2019 Judgment. In relation to the appeal lodged by a substantial shareholder of Dong Di Xin who holds 30% of the equity interest in Dong Di Xin (“Dong Di Xin Shareholder A”), the People’s Court of Shenzhen Qianhai Cooperation Zone (the “Qianhai Court”) handed down a judgment (the “2020 Qianhai Judgment”) on 6 May 2020. According to the 2020 Qianhai Judgment, the Qianhai Court dismissed the claims by Dong Di Xin Shareholder A and ordered that the litigation fee in relation to the appeal shall be borne by Dong Di Xin Shareholder A. The Company has been informed that Dong Di Xin Shareholder A has lodged an appeal against the 2020 Qianhai Judgment (“2020 Qianhai Judgment Appeal”). As at the date of this report, no hearing date of the 2019 Appeal or the 2020 Qianhai Judgment Appeal has been set. The Company confirmed that the Judgment, the 2019 Judgment and the 2020 Qianhai Judgment did not and will not have any material adverse impact on the ordinary operations and financial positions of the Group. The Company will keep the shareholders of the Company and the public informed of any material progress on the case or if an appeal is lodged by way of further announcement(s) as and when appropriate according to the the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the “Listing Rules”). 26 | Kingworld Medicines Group Limited Interim Report 2020 For the six months ended 30 June 2020, the Group did not make any material acquisition or disposal. Based on the current financial position and financing facilities available, the Group has sufficient financial resources for ongoing operation in the foreseeable future. As such, the financial statements were prepared on a “going concern” basis. In 2020, the raging Pandemic has caused a severe blow to the economic activities and sentiment in various countries. In the second half of 2020, the complex and changing domestic and international situation, the normalised Pandemic prevention and control as well as natural disasters have all exerted great pressure to China’s economic recovery. Although there are many uncertainties in the second half of 2020, the Group remains steadfast in its determination to change and grow amid the Pandemic. In the second half of 2020, the Group will actively respond to the complex changes in the market, continue to focus on its organisational restructuring, channel sorting and optimisation of product structure, and exploring new sources of income and controlling costs to maximise profits. In response to the outbreak of the Pandemic, the Group decisively adopted a number of contingency measures, including reorganising its internal marketing structure and increasing the distribution of medical masks. In the second half of 2020, the Group will continue to control its operating costs and reserve sufficient working capital for emergencies. Meanwhile, the Group will continue to intensify its work in the optimisation of performance appraisal targets for all employees at the upper, middle and lower levels, further and effectively mobilise the enthusiasm and creativity of its marketing and sales staff, improve the Company’s incentive and restraint mechanism, and further sort out and simplify the procedural management of the Company’s internal system, so as to improve operational efficiency and strive to achieve its operating targets for each year. In the second half of 2020, for the pharmaceutical products segment, the Group will make every effort to intensely review the markets in regions with relatively weaker results, promote the end penetration of sales, make use of the SMART system to facilitate the systematisation of market and sales data management, actively increase the coverage of end products in various regions, and also actively extend the cooperation with pharmaceutical e-commerce enterprises. For the Group’s flagship product, the Nin Jiom product series, the Group will make full use of its feature as an effective medication to nourish and moisturize lungs and therefore, in response to the new situation, it is ideal for enhancing health conditions and daily care. For the healthcare products segment, the Group will continue to develop its offline channels and gradually enter into more large-scale integrated e-commerce, pharmaceutical e-commerce and professional e-commerce platforms in the future and seize the opportunities of online KOL live broadcasts to increase sales volume. For the medical devices segment, during the Reporting Period, the Group obtained the “Medical Device Trading Permit (Type III)”, “Medical Device Registration Certificate” and “Medical Device Manufacturing Permit”. On the other hand, in August 2020, Kingworld Lifeshine medical masks, which are exclusively distributed by the Group, have been shortlisted on the Name List of Medical Devices and Kingworld Medicines Group Limited Interim Report 2020 | 27 Supplies Companies with Certification/Authorisation from other Countries. It marked the milestone for Kingworld Lifeshine medical masks as they obtained the domestic certification for export to Europe. Kingworld Lifeshine medical masks are fully qualified and have also obtained various important certifications, including medical device certificates, EU CE registration and the Ministry of Commerce’s medical supplies export “white list”. With these certifications, they are not only produced and sold domestically, but also win a “pass” to enter overseas markets to cater for their strong demand for pandemic prevention products. In the future, in addition to increasing the distribution of medical masks, the Group also plans to gradually expand other medical device categories (such as ventilators) to contribute to prevention and control of the Pandemic around the world. The World Health Organization expects that the Pandemic may become an endemic disease. Even if a vaccine is available, it will still require “enormous efforts” to control the spread of the virus. In addition, the complex and changing political and diplomatic situation between China and the rest of the world has exerted heavy pressure on China’s economic growth. In the face of challenges in the internal and external environment as well as public health, the Group maintains a wait-and-see attitude towards the general environment in the second half of 2020. In order to cope with market uncertainties under the Pandemic, internally, the Group will focus on controlling costs and increasing effectiveness, while also strive to destock and replenish liquidity to maintain the smooth operation of the Group; externally, the Group will actively expand the scope of channel distribution and enrich the product line of other medical device categories such as ventilators and actively strive for the country’s policies on preferential tax and fee reduction so as to ensure the sound and stable operation of the Group and safeguard the investment returns of its shareholders and stakeholders. As at 30 June 2020, the Group had a total of 1,021 employees, of which 132 worked at the Group’s headquarters in Shenzhen, and 407 were stationed in other 34 regions mainly responsible for sales and marketing, and 482 worked at Dong Di Xin. The Group releases an annual sales guideline on a yearly basis, setting out the annual sales targets and formulating quarterly sales strategies, so as to provide sales and marketing guidelines for all representative offices and their staff to observe. The Group has a management team with extensive industry experience (including sales directors and product managers). They are responsible for coordinating front-line sales and marketing teams to meet the annual sales targets. During the Reporting Period, the Group adopted a people-oriented management approach and its staff were closely involved in the management and development of the Group. The Group has implemented a strict selection process for hiring its employees and a number of initiatives to enhance the work efficiency of its employees. The Group conducts periodic performance review on its employees, and revises their salaries and bonuses accordingly. In addition, the Group has arranged training programs for employees in various positions. 