Over the past, Shuanghua Holdings Limited (“Shuanghua” or the “Company”) and its subsidiaries (collectively referred to as the “Group”) have been principally engaged in the business of trading, manufacturing and research and development (“R&D”) of automobile parts, mainly the automotive heating, ventilation and air-conditioning (“HVAC”) components. The principal places of business are located in Shanghai (“Shanghai”) and Anhui Province (“Anhui”), the People’s Republic of China (the “PRC” or “China”). By early 2020, the Group has completed full transfer of its production base from Shanghai to Anhui. As the outbreak of the novel coronavirus (“COVID-19”) was being contained in China and the local governments gradually lifted the lockdown and other relevant measures, the Group resumed its production and business operation in March 2020. In fact, the risk-control policies implemented by the Group in the past and the strategy to diversify the Group’s business portfolio have limited the negative impact of the sudden outbreak on the Group. For the six months ended 30 June of 2020, the Group achieved sales revenue of approximately RMB33.8 million, an increase of approximately 107.4% or RMB17.5 million as compared to the same period of last year. Since the establishment of Huangshan Shuanghua Donglin Compressor Co., Ltd. (“Huangshan Shuanghua”) in November 2019, the Group had expanded its product line of key and complementary components in the automotive HVAC system by increasing the variety of automotive air-conditioning compressors. As business activity resumed after the spread of COVID-19 was being contained in China, the Group increased its sales efforts in promoting the key and complementary components in an automotive HVAC system, mainly compressors, evaporators and condensers, and targeted primarily towards the domestic automotive after-sales market (the “aftermarket”), which is highly related to the immense car ownership scale and growing average car age. Furthermore, the Group enhanced collaboration with major distributors in the aftermarket, and increased its promotion efforts in selling stocks with those customers that have credible history with the Group and well- established sales and distribution networks on the ground. For the six months ended 30 June 2020, the Group’s revenue from sales to the domestic market amounted to approximately RMB32.6 million, in which the sales revenue of evaporators, condensers and compressors amounted to approximately RMB7.9 million, RMB7.2 million and RMB16.2 million, respectively. Other revenue from sales to the domestic market comprised primarily of the sales of heaters, intercoolers, oil-coolers, and coolant reservoirs. Interim Report 2020 The Group’s sales to the international market were mainly affected by the global pandemic, disruptions in international trade and business activities, economic recession and rising tension between China and the United States. For the six months ended 30 June 2020, the Group’s revenue from sales to the international market amounted to approximately RMB1.2 million, in which the sales revenue of evaporators and compressors amounted to approximately RMB0.1 million and RMB0.6 million, respectively. Other revenue from sales to the international markets comprised primarily of the sales of thermostats and expansion valves. In spite of the unfavourable conditions in the external environment, the Group focused on following its own business turnaround plans, including (i) upgrading the Group’s business model and structure; (ii) expanding sales effort in the domestic aftermarket; and (iii) diversifying the Group’s business portfolio. For the first half of 2020, the Group has improved its scale of operation and business revenue. Nevertheless, as a result of the combined effects of increase in sales and office expense following the resumption of business operation post the COVID-19 outbreak, and the provision for impairment loss of trade receivables under expected credit loss model, the Company recorded loss attributable to its owners of approximately RMB4.2 million for the six months ended 30 June 2020, a decrease of approximately RMB3.8 million from the loss attributable to its owners of approximately RMB8.0 million for the same period of last year. Meanwhile, the Group planned to use its vacant properties in Shanghai to develop cold storage and cold chain supply business (the “New Business”), so as to transform the Group’s business in Shanghai from traditional manufacturing to cold chain supply and storage services. On 28 June 2020, the Group entered into an equity transfer agreement with an independent third party, Fuzhou Anda Shengdong Logistics Co., Ltd. (“Fuzhou Anda”), to jointly develop the New Business by transforming some of the Group’s vacant properties in Shanghai into large cold storage plants. The Group plans to integrate these plants and their cold chain logistics business into a smart support system for urban cold chain supply. With its technology and experience in ventilation and cooling system, the Group is well-equipped to develop its business in the New Business, including the applied technology of cold storage facilities and cooling system of cold storage trucks; and investment in and operation of cold storages and cold chain logistics business, with an aim to meet the growing demand for city-wide and inter-city cold chain logistics and warehouse services. For details of the said transfer, please refer to the announcement of the Company dated 28 June 2020. As of the date of this report, the Group is in the process of transforming one of its vacant properties in Shanghai into a cold storage plant, which would be comprised of eight cold storage warehouses (the “First Cold Storage Plant”). The construction of the First Cold Storage Plant has commenced in June 2020 and is expected to be completed around October 2020. Given the advantageous geographical position and the large number and storage volume of the Group’s vacant properties in Shanghai, the Group is confident that they will lay a solid foundation for the development of the New Business and provide an additional revenue stream for the Group and its shareholders in the long run. The Group will continue to conduct comprehensive evaluation on the market conditions and be prudent in adjusting the Group’s business strategies and plans in a timely manner to manage and grow its existing business and New Business, and achieve a sustainable business development. In formulating the Group’s business strategies, the Company has considered a number of factors, including but not limited to the development of the COVID-19 outbreak and its impacts, changes in the domestic and international market conditions, the market potential of the Group’s existing business/products and the New Business, and the Group’s position and competitiveness in the domestic aftermarket and cold chain supply industries. Due to change in business environments in the international and domestic markets, the Group will concentrate its effort on the business turnaround plans (and adjust the same based on the actual conditions), including but not limited to (i) strengthen sales effort to consolidate the Group’s market position in the domestic aftermarket; (ii) promote development of cold storage plants and cold chain supply business; (iii) focus on developing HVAC systems and cooling systems of cold storage trucks, and expand cooperation with major original equipment suppliers (“OES”); and (iv) further upgrade and diversify the business and enhance the market competitiveness of the Group. The Group targets to become a leading listed company with sustainable growth driven by its management and expertise, business cooperation and advanced technological strengths and capabilities. Interim Report 2020 (i) Strengthen sales effort to consolidate the Group’s market position As the new car sales market in China has entered into the saturation stage, the aftermarket will be the key growth point of China automotive industry, which is primarily attributed to the immense car ownership scale and growing average car age. Due to continuous spread of COVID-19 abroad and the prevention and control measures at the borders, more people are keen to travel within China and drive in their own cars, which increases the utilization rate and service life of cars, thereby driving the demand for products in need of repair and maintenance services. To meet the demand of the domestic aftermarket, the Group will continue to enhance collaboration with major distributors in different regions of China, and increase the Group’s sales efforts by assisting its distributors to expand their sales network; helping distributors with the procurement and supply of different kinds of automotive components to achieve comprehensive supply of a wide varieties of products; and participating together in trade fairs or exhibitions and leveraging on the Group’s brand name “Shuanghua ( )” which is highly recognised in the automotive industry. The Group will continue to provide more key and complementary components and products in the automotive HVAC system, and strengthen sales effort to consolidate the Group’s market position in the domestic aftermarket. (ii) Promote development of cold storage plants and cold chain According to the Cold Chain Logistics Committee of the China Federation of Logistics and Purchasing, the demand and sales revenue of cold chain logistics business in China experienced a rapid growth from 2019. Due to the rapid growth of the domestic fresh food e-commerce industry, there is a rising demand in the cold chain supply business in China, which is expected to be a fast-growing market segment. As aforementioned, the construction of the First Cold Storage Plant of the Group has commenced in June 2020 and is expected to be completed around October 2020. The Group also plans to transform another vacant property in Shanghai into a cold storage plant (the “Second Cold Storage Plant”). The construction of the Second Cold Storage Plant is expected to begin in around December 2020 and be completed around March 2021. (iii) Focus on developing HVAC systems and cooling systems of cold The Group is minded to develop more new products to obtain new customers and sales orders with an aim to further grow its existing business and New Business. To leverage on its technology and experience in ventilation and cooling system, the Group will focus on the development of HVAC systems and cooling systems of cold storage trucks, and seek cooperation with major OES, which install and modify HVAC systems and cooling systems according to the actual needs and applications of cold storage trucks. The Group will strengthen its R&D capabilities through cooperating with engineers from major OES and research institutes, recruiting staff with relevant expertise and experiences, and developing the technology and products of HVAC systems and cooling systems that are aimed to be commercialized by the Group. (iv) Further upgrade and diversify the business and enhance the In addition to the transformation of the above two properties into two cold storage plants and the development of HVAC systems and cooling systems for cold storage trucks, the Group intends to transform another vacant property in Shanghai into a bonded warehouse zone for the import and export of commodities, which serve as an upgrade and diversification of the New Business, and would enable the Group to provide services for different supply chains, products and customers, and create more and higher value for our shareholders. The Group will continue to work with its business partners and research institutes on the development of new energy-saving, emission-reducing and other advanced products, which would enable the Group to expand its product line with more variety, better quality and higher value and obtain new customers and sales orders, with an aim to achieve a faster growth and sustainable business development of the Group in the long run. Interim Report 2020 For the six months ended 30 June 2020, the Group’s revenue was approximately RMB33.8 million, an increase of approximately RMB17.5 million or 107.4% from that of the corresponding period of 2019, which was approximately RMB16.3 million. The following table sets forth the breakdown of the Group’s revenue by products during the reporting period: % of % of Gross profit/(loss) For the six months ended 30 June 2020, the Group recorded a gross profit of approximately RMB7.6 million (gross loss for the six months ended 30 June 2019: approximately RMB2.2 million), mainly attributable to lower minimum wage and costs of raw materials in Anhui. The following table sets forth the breakdown of the Group’s gross profit/(loss) by products during the reporting period: Gross profit/(loss) For the six months ended 30 June 2020, the Group’s other income, gains and losses amounted to approximately RMB5.9 million, increased by approximately 40.5% as compared to the same period of last year, mainly attributable to increase in gross rental income and gain on disposal of items of property, plant and equipment. Interim Report 2020 (Impairment loss)/reversal of impairment loss of trade receivables under For the six months ended 30 June 2020, the Group’s impairment loss under expected credit loss model amounted to approximately RMB2.9 million. For the six months ended 30 June 2019, the Group’s reversal of impairment loss under expected credit loss model amounted to approximately RMB1.0 million. For the sake of prudence, the Group recognized an increase in the impairment loss of trade receivables for the six months ended 30 June 2020, mainly due to increase in the loss allowance as a result of (i) an increase in the gross carrying amount of trade receivables aged over one year; and (ii) a net increase in the gross carrying amount after the settlement of trade receivables and origination of new trade receivables. Selling and distribution costs primarily comprised of staff-related costs, sales transportation fees, operating lease rental expenses, entertainment and travelling expenses. For the six months ended 30 June 2020, the Group’s selling and distribution costs amounted to approximately RMB2.5 million, increased by approximately 92.3% as compared to the same period of last year, mainly due to increase in sales revenue, causing an increase in sales-related transportation and staff expenses. Administrative expenses primarily comprised of staff-related costs, various local taxes and education surcharges, depreciation of property, plant and equipment and right-of- use assets, R&D expenses and miscellaneous expenses. For the six months ended 30 June 2020, the Group’s administrative expenses amounted to approximately RMB13.3 million, increased by approximately 43.0% as compared to the same period of last year, mainly attributable to (i) office expense for the resumption of business operation post the COVID-19 outbreak; (ii) depreciation of the Group’s property and plant in Shanghai (classified from cost of sales to administrative expenses after suspension of production in Shanghai); and (iii) consulting fees. Other expenses primarily comprised of written off of assets and miscellaneous expenses. For the six months ended 30 June 2020, the Group recorded other expenses of approximately RMB1.1 million (for the six months ended 30 June 2019: approximately RMB55,000). Other expenses for the six months ended 30 June 2020 were mainly due to written off of assets arising from deregistration of a subsidiary. Since the adoption of HKFRS 16 Leases on 1 January 2019, the Group’s interest expense for the six months ended 30 June 2020 amounted to approximately RMB20,000 (for the six months ended 30 June 2019: approximately RMB46,000). On 28 December 2017, the Group entered into agreements to invest in 45% of equity interest in Anhui Shuanghua at a consideration of RMB6.75 million which was fully paid in 2018. Anhui Shuanghua was established in 31 May 2018 and became a 86.49%-owned subsidiary of the Group on 25 October 2019. For the six months ended 30 June 2020, the Group had no share of loss of a joint venture. For the six months ended 30 June 2019, the Group shared the loss of Anhui Shuanghua, which amounted to approximately RMB0.4 million. For the six months ended 30 June 2020, the Group’s income tax credit was approximately RMB1.0 million. For the six months ended 30 June 2019, the Group’s income tax credit was approximately RMB0.2 million. For the six months ended 30 June 2020, the loss attributable to the owners of the Company was approximately RMB4.2 million, while the loss attributable to the owners of the Company for the same period of last year was approximately RMB8.0 million. The Group’s net current assets decreased from approximately RMB170.8 million as at 31 December 2019 to approximately RMB167.8 million as at 30 June 2020. As at 30 June 2020, the Group’s total cash and cash equivalents and restricted time deposits amounted to approximately RMB141.9 million. As at 31 December 2019, the Group’s cash and cash equivalents and restricted time deposits amounted to approximately RMB154.8 million. As at 30 June 2020 and 2019, the Group did not have any borrowings. The gearing ratio was not applicable to the Group (as at 31 December 2019: nil). Save as aforesaid or otherwise disclosed in the notes to the financial information, and apart from intra-group liabilities, as at 30 June 2020, we did not have any outstanding mortgages, charges, debentures, debt securities or other loan capitals or bank overdrafts or loans or similar indebtedness or finance lease commitments, liabilities under acceptances or acceptance credits or hire purchase commitments, guarantees or other material contingent liabilities (as at 31 December 2019: nil). The directors of the Company (the “Directors”) have confirmed that there has not been any material change in the indebtedness and contingent liabilities of the Group during the period since 31 December 2019. Interim Report 2020 (All amounts in this section were net of provisions for impairment of inventories and trade receivables) As at 30 June 2020, total inventories, mainly comprised of raw materials, work-in- progress and finished products, amounted to approximately RMB21.6 million (as at 31 December 2019: approximately RMB20.5 million). Our marketing team reviews and monitors our inventory level on a regular basis. For the six months ended 30 June 2020, the average inventory turnover days was 145 days (for the six months ended 30 June 2019: 374 days). The average inventory turnover days are arrived at by dividing the arithmetic means of the opening and ending balances of inventory for the relevant period by cost of sales of the same period and multiplying the quotient by 180 days (for the six months ended 30 June 2019: 180 days). The decrease in the average inventory turnover days was primarily attributable to increase in sales of stocks. For the six months ended 30 June 2020, the average turnover days of trade and bills receivables was 165 days (for the six months ended 30 June 2019: 390 days). The average turnover days of trade and bills receivables are arrived at by dividing the arithmetic means of the opening and ending balances of trade and bills receivables for the relevant period by revenue of the same period and multiplying the quotient by 180 days (for the six months ended 30 June 2019: 180 days). The average turnover days of trade and bills receivables decreased mainly due to increase in sales revenue and the overall turnover rate of the Group. For the six months ended 30 June 2020, the average turnover days of trade and bills payables was 128 days (for the six months ended 30 June 2019: 164 days). The average turnover days of trade and bills payables are arrived at by dividing the arithmetic means of the opening and ending balances of trade and bills payables for the relevant period by cost of sales of the same period and multiplying the quotient by 180 days (for the six months ended 30 June 2019: 180 days). The average turnover days of trade and bills payables decreased mainly because the management accelerated the repayment rate to improve liquidity. For the six months ended 30 June 2020, the Group’s capital expenditures were approximately RMB9.3 million, mainly due to addition of buildings, construction in progress and equipment (for the six months ended 30 June 2019: approximately RMB0.3 million). As at 30 June 2020, the Group had 145 full-time employees including Directors, management, sales, manufacture, logistics supports and other ancillary personnel (as at 30 June 2019: 124). For the six months ended 30 June 2020, the Group’s total wages and salaries amounted to approximately RMB6.0 million (for the six months ended 30 June 2019: approximately RMB6.4 million). Our remuneration policy is primarily based on the job responsibilities, work performance and number of years of service of each employee and the current market conditions. Pursuant to the relevant labour laws and regulations, the Group has to pay contributions to a number of staff social insurance schemes (including medical, maternity, work injury, unemployment and pension insurances) and staff housing reserve funds. The Group provides social insurances and pays contributions to housing reserve funds for its employees in accordance with the interpretations to the relevant labour laws and regulations given, and policies and measures executed by local government departments. The Group has established various welfare plans including the provision of pension funds, medical insurance, unemployment insurance and other relevant insurance for employees who are employed by our Group pursuant to the PRC rules and regulations and the existing policy requirements of the local government. For the six months ended 30 June 2020, the Group’s welfare expenses amounted to approximately RMB0.7 million (for the six months ended 30 June 2019: approximately RMB1.4 million). The Group has complied, in all material respects, with all statutory requirements on retirement contribution in the jurisdictions where the Group operates. The basic salary of each of our executive and non-executive Directors will be reviewed by the Remuneration Committee of the Board of Directors of the Company (the “Board”) at the end of each financial year. The determination of the remuneration to the Directors is based on remuneration of directors of comparable companies in the industry, time commitment, duties and responsibilities of the Directors in the Group and its operational and financial performance. On 28 June 2020, Shanghai Eagle Investment Limited (“Eagle Investment”), an wholly- owned subsidiary of the Company, entered into an equity transfer agreement with Fuzhou Anda, an independent third party with extensive experience in the cold storage and cold chain supply business, pursuant to which Eagle Investment sold 40% of the equity interest of Shanghai Shuanghua Supply Chain Management Co., Ltd., its then wholly- owned subsidiary, at a consideration of RMB1 and the settlement of the outstanding capital of RMB8.0 million, which shall be settled by Fuzhou Anda in two equal instalments of RMB4.0 million each with the first and second instalment to be made on or before 31 August 2020 and 30 September 2020, respectively. For details of the said transfer, please refer to the announcement of the Company dated 28 June 2020. Saved as disclosed above, for the six months ended 30 June 2020, the Group did not have any significant investments, material acquisitions and disposals of subsidiaries, associates and joint ventures (for the six months ended 30 June 2019: nil). Interim Report 2020 The Group’s operations are located in the PRC with RMB as the functional and presentation currency. The Group has transactional currency exposures. Such exposures arise from sales or purchases by operating units in currencies other than the unit’s functional currency. The currency exposure of the Group mainly comes from fluctuations in the exchange rates of HKD to RMB and USD to RMB. At present, the Group does not intend to hedge its exposure to foreign exchange fluctuations. However, the management constantly monitors the economic situation and the Group’s foreign exchange risk profile and will consider appropriate hedging measures in the future when necessary. As at 30 June 2020, the Group had no significant contingent liabilities (as at 31 December 2019: nil). As of 30 June 2020, the Group had no pledge of assets (as at 31 December 2019, the Group’s bills payable of RMB2,123,000 were secured by certain of the Group’s bills receivable of RMB2,123,000). As at 30 June 2020, a balance of approximately RMB10.0 million of the proceeds from the initial public offering of the Company remained unutilized (the “Unutilized Proceeds”). Among the Unutilized Proceeds, RMB2.0 million will be utilized for the installation of facilities, utilities and security equipment of the Group’s plant, RMB3.0 million will be utilized for the transformation and upgrade of equipment, and RMB5.0 million will be utilized as general working capital. The Group intends to fully utilize the Unutilized Proceeds by end of 2020. There was no change in the intended use of the Unutilized Proceeds as previously disclosed in the announcements of the Company dated 18 June 2013 and 23 July 2020. The Board does not recommend the payment of any interim dividend for the six months ended 30 June 2020 (for the six months ended 30 June 2019: nil). On 7 February 2020, the Company received a letter from the Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the “Stock Exchange”), which serves as a notice that the Stock Exchange has decided to suspend trading in the shares of the Company (the “Shares”) under Rule 6.01(3) of the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on the Stock Exchange (the “Listing Rules”) (the “Decision”). On 18 February 2020, the Company submitted a written request to the Listing Committee for reviewing the Decision. For details, please refer to the announcements of the Company dated 10 February 2020 and 18 February 2020. The review hearing of the Decision by the Listing Committee took place on 15 July 2020. On 20 July 2020, the Company received a fax from the Stock Exchange notifying the Company that the Listing Committee decided to allow the Company’s review application. For details, please refer to the announcement of the Company dated 21 July 2020. On 6 August 2020, as the Company could not reach a consensus with Ernst & Young, the current auditor of the Company, on the audit fee for the financial year ending 31 December 2020, Ernst & Young has resigned as the auditor of the Company. The Board resolved to appoint BDO Limited, Certified Public Accountants, as the new auditor of the Company to fill the casual vacancy following the resignation of Ernst & Young and to hold office until the conclusion of the next annual general meeting of the Company on the same date. For details, please refer to the announcement of the Company dated 6 August 2020. Furthermore, the outbreak of the COVID-19 continues to spread to countries across the world. The spread of COVID-19 virus has had a major impact on both the market and the Group’s operating environment in China and the globe. The Group will monitor the development of the COVID-19 situation closely, assess and react actively to its impacts on the financial position and operating results of the Group. Up to the date of this report, the assessment is still in progress. 