The board of directors (the “Directors”) (the “Board“) of Ruicheng (China) Media Group Limited (the “Company”) is pleased to announce the unaudited condensed consolidated financial information and the interim results of the Company and its subsidiaries (the “Group” or “we” or “us”) for the six months ended 30 June 2020 (the “period under review”), together with the comparative figures for the corresponding period in 2019. In the first half of 2020, the worldwide outbreak of the COVID-19 pandemic made a severe impact on China’s macro economy and micro market players. According to National Bureau of Statistics data, the Gross Domestic Product (GDP) of China recorded a year- on-year decrease of 1.6% during the first half of 2020, including a first quarter decrease of 6.8% as compared with the corresponding period in 2019. The advertising market in China was also severely impacted. According to data published by Nielsen, in the first half of 2020, the expenses on multi-channel advertising cases fell by 25.5% compared with the same period of 2019. The industry’s overall advertising volume also experienced an unexpected drop. The industry was under pressure and the business environment was extremely challenging. The Group’s quick response to the COVID-19 pandemic’s impact was based on seeking stability before development, focusing on existing advantages and core competitiveness, providing customers with high-quality tailored creative solutions and communications services, and continuing to take a diversified approach to promotional advertising services. However, the global and the PRC’s outbreak of the COVID-19 pandemic resulted in some customers reducing advertising expenses in the first half of 2020. In particular, (i) some customers of the Group’s online advertising services have suspended the advertising placements of mobile games due to the severe disturbance in the development progress of related games caused by the outbreak and escalation of the COVID-19 pandemic; and (ii) the Group has postponed cooperation with certain customers of the Group’s online advertising services as those customers requested for longer credit period, which will extend the time difference between the payment to suppliers and payment received by the Group, and affect the Group’s operating cash flow. The aforementioned factors resulted in a significant decrease in the Group’s revenue during the period under review as compared with the same period last year. The Group provides professional customised TV advertising solutions, and has established long-term business relationships with major media suppliers, most of which are first-tier provincial satellite television stations in China. Such relationships give us a competitive edge in providing customers with a wealth of cost-effective communication resources, delivering high-quality advertising displays within their budgets, and maximising the effectiveness of advertising. During the period under review, while facing an especially challenging COVID-19 pandemic-impacted market, we integrated our advantages and strategically upgraded our TV advertising business into a more comprehensive and in- depth communications services. Its success in providing more accurate and effective personalised advertising solutions during the process of realisation has been acknowledged by such renowned customers such as DouBenDou, FOTILE, Gujing Distillery, Haier Casarte, the ‘red can’ version of Wanglaoji, Micoe and China Mobile. During the period under review, the revenue from TV advertising services amounted to approximately RMB131.3 million. The Group has continued to establish and develop an online advertising services business network. By leveraging the advantages of its existing vast supplier network via big data and precise delivery technologies, the Group consistently provides customers with effective high-quality online advertising resources and one-stop online marketing solutions. During the period under review, despite the factors mentioned above in the paragraphs of market overview, we successively completed online media advertising placements for FOTILE, GoalBlue, Friso, CPT, Shiyu Pharmaceutical and Zhengyou Shouyou* ( ), the revenue from online advertising services amounted to approximately RMB20.2 million. The Group continued its market expansion in the field of advertising placements, such as buildings and subway television. The Group’s high-quality outdoor advertising resources and good suppliers’ relationships ensure that customers’ outdoor advertising placements needs are consistently fulfilled. During the period under review, we successively completed outdoor advertising placements services for Shiyu Pharmaceutical, Hitachi Central Air-conditioning and Zixin Pharmaceutical, with revenue from outdoor advertising services amounted to approximately RMB41.0 million. Building on the stable foundation formed by its original diversified media advertising services, the Group continues to develop and utilize resources in new areas such as radio advertising to meet customers’ diversified advertising needs. During the period under review, the Group successively served Shiyu Pharmaceutical, Haier Electric and Gao Miao Pharmaceutical, with revenue from other advertising services amounted to approximately RMB24.9 million. Revenue and profit and total comprehensive income attributable to the For the period under review, the Group recorded revenue of approximately RMB217.4 million, representing a decrease of approximately 42.2% as compared to approximately RMB375.8 million for the corresponding period last year. Revenue details for the period under review: During the period under review, revenue from TV advertising services was approximately RMB131.3 million, representing a decrease of approximately 2.0% from approximately RMB134.0 million for the corresponding period last year. The floating amount of the business income was not large, representing a basically stable income. During the period under review, revenue from online advertising services was approximately RMB20.2 million, representing a decrease of approximately 89.8% from approximately RMB198.3 million for the corresponding period last year, which was mainly attributable to: The outbreak and escalation of the pandemic has severely hindered the game development progress of some customers of the Group, leading to the suspension of advertising for mobile games. During the pandemic, the implementation of various prevention and control policies had a greater impact on the working environment as personnel changes and adjustments, work rhythms were disrupted as well as communication and promotion of various businesses were adversely affected. The development work of mobile games was in a “suspended” status. At the same time, channel costs remained high, competition in the capital layout of large companies in the game industry, macro- economic influences and other factors had made it more difficult for companies to raise funds, and they have become more cautious in their marketing strategies. The budget for effect advertising was greatly reduced, and placement of Customers’ demand for a longer credit period has caused delays in customer cooperation, which together with the quarantine measures as a result of the epidemic, have affected new business development with customers of the Group’s online advertising business. During the epidemic, several customers of the Group’s online advertising business demanded a longer credit period, which will affect the Group’s operating cash. The Group has delayed cooperation with certain customers of its online advertising services, resulting in a decline in the overall cooperation business volume in the first half of 2020. On the other hand, due to the impact of the epidemic, the overall advertising market dropped sharply in the first half of 2020, which brought great difficulties to the Company’s new business development and acquisition. With the epidemic drawing to an end and the resumption of work and production, various tasks have gradually returned to the right track. The Group is actively engaged in various communications and business promotion with customers, and is also increasing its efforts to actively develop new customers for the online advertising business. It is expected that the online advertising business will recover and improve in the second half of 2020. Revenue from outdoor advertising services was approximately RMB41.0 million during the period under review as compared with approximately RMB41.0 million for the corresponding period last year. The floating amount of the business income was not large, representing a basically stable income. Revenue from other advertising services was approximately RMB24.9 million during the period under review, representing an increase of approximately 910.7% from approximately RMB2.5 million for the corresponding period last year, which was mainly attributable to the provision of production planning services to a pharmaceutical company and a home appliance customer by the Group. During the period under review, profit and total comprehensive income attributable to the owners of the Company was approximately RMB8.8 million, while profit and total comprehensive income attributable to the owners of the Company for the corresponding period last year amounted to approximately RMB13.1 million. During the period under review, the Group recorded gross profit and gross profit margin of approximately RMB24.5 million and 11.3%, respectively. The Group’s gross profit and gross profit margin for the corresponding period last year were approximately RMB39.4 million and 10.5%, respectively. The increase in the Group’s gross profit and gross profit margin was mainly due to the increased revenue attributable to the Group’s production planning services during the period under review. Such services generally have lower costs, which led to the revenue attributable to such services outpacing the corresponding costs and hence a higher profit margin. During the period under review, other income, gains and loss of the Group amounted to approximately RMB7.0 million, representing an increase of approximately 40.0% from approximately RMB5.0 million for the corresponding period last year, as since 1 April 2019, the service industry has implemented the input tax of value-added-tax additional 10% deduction accounting into other income. During the period under review, other income, gains and loss were mainly attributable to subsidies received from the local government of approximately RMB5.0 million and additional deductions of input tax for value-added tax of approximately RMB1.1 million. Other income, gains and loss for the same period last year were mainly attributable to the subsidy received from the local government of approximately RMB2.9 million and the additional deduction of input tax for value-added tax of approximately RMB1.1 million. There were no specific conditions attached to the subsidy received from the local government, and the amount was recognized in profit or loss when the subsidy was received. During the period under review, selling and marketing expenses of the Group amounted to approximately RMB5.6 million, representing a decrease of approximately 24.8% from approximately RMB7.5 million for the corresponding period last year. The Group’s selling and marketing expenses accounted for approximately 2.6% of the Group’s total revenue for the same period (six months ended 30 June 2019: approximately 2.0%). The main reason for the decrease in selling and marketing expenses of the Group was due to the Group’s business operations being affected by the outbreak and escalation of the COVID-19 pandemic, leading to the reduction of number of full-time salespersons, and the reduction of social security insurance required to be paid by the Group during the epidemic. During the period under review, the Group’s administrative expenses amounted to approximately RMB8.8 million, representing a decrease of approximately 32.9% from approximately RMB13.1 million for the corresponding period last year. During the period under review, the Group’s administrative expenses accounted for approximately 4.0% of the Group’s total revenue for the same period (six months ended 30 June 2019: approximately 3.5%). The main reason for the decrease in administrative expenses of the Group was the recognition of pre-IPO expenses in the same period last year. During the period under review, finance costs of the Group amounted to approximately RMB3.8 million (six months ended 30 June 2019: approximately RMB4.0 million), representing a year-on-year decrease of approximately 4.4%, which was mainly due to the reduction of bank loan interest rates in 2020. During the period under review, the Group’s impairment losses on receivables was approximately RMB5.0 million (six months ended 30 June 2019: approximately RMB5.9 million), representing a year-on-year decrease of approximately RMB0.9 million. The decrease in impairment losses of receivables was mainly due to the decrease of trade receivables during the period under review. Impairment losses of receivables was mainly due to the decrease in turnover rate of trade receivables which was due to the COVID-19 pandemic. The Group took action and sent demand notices to the relevant customers. During the period under review, income tax credit of the Group amounted to approximately RMB0.2 million (six months ended 30 June 2019: income tax expenses of approximately RMB0.7 million), representing a year-on-year decrease of approximately 130.8%, which was mainly due to the decrease in taxable income. The Group’s profit for the period under review amounted to approximately RMB8.6 million (six months ended 30 June 2019: approximately RMB13.2 million), representing a decrease of approximately 35.3%. Save for the influences from the aforesaid factors, it can be attributed to the significant decline in the Group’s revenue. As at 30 June 2020, deferred tax assets amounted to approximately RMB4.1 million (31 December 2019: approximately RMB2.8 million), representing an increase of approximately 45.6%. It was mainly due to the large increase in impairment losses under the expected credit loss model. As at 31 December 2018, loan receivable of non-current assets was approximately RMB13 million, which was an internet drama investment with fixed income at 18% per annum held by the Group with two years of income period (from 1 January 2019 to 31 December 2020). Since it has been held for one year, the loan receivable transferred to current assets in 2019. As at 31 December 2019, the carrying amount of loan receivable was approximately RMB12.6 million. As at 30 June 2020, the carrying amount of loan receivable was approximately RMB12.5 million. As at 30 June 2020, the Group’s trade receivables, prepayments and other receivables amounted to approximately RMB312.3 million (31 December 2019: approximately RMB443.7 million), representing a decrease of approximately 29.6% as compared with trade receivables, prepayments and other receivables as at 31 December 2019. As at 30 June 2020, the Group’s trade receivables amounted to approximately RMB173.6 million, representing a decline of approximately 42.6% compared to the trade receivables as at 31 December 2019. The decline in trade receivables was mainly to the Group’s revenue being affected by (i) seasonal fluctuations in customer demand for the Group’s advertising services; (ii) the severe disturbance of the game development progress of some customers of the Group and suspension of the advertising of mobile games caused by the outbreak and escalation of the COVID-19 pandemic; and (iii) the Group’s postponed cooperation with certain customers of the Group’s digital advertising services due to factors such as the need for longer credit periods for the customers which would affect the Group’s operating cash flow. On 31 December 2019, one receivable from supplier and one receivable from Investment B amounted to approximately RMB28.1 million and RMB18.9 million, respectively. During the period under review, the Group has fully recovered these receivables. As at 30 June 2020, the Group’s contract assets were approximately RMB61.7 million (as at 31 December 2019: approximately RMB6.5 million), representing a year-on-year increase of approximately 849.0%. It was mainly due to the outbreak and escalation of the COVID-19 pandemic that caused delays in independent third-party vendors with relevant qualifications and experience to verify the performance of the Group’s advertising services. As at 30 June 2020, trade and other payables of the Group amounted to approximately RMB94.2 million (31 December 2019: approximately RMB240.5 million), representing a year-on-year decrease of approximately 60.8% as compared with the trade and other payables as at 31 December Trade payables represent the amount payable by the Group to suppliers for the purchase of advertising resources. Payments are generally made in accordance with the terms specified in the contract with the supplier. In the case of online advertising services, the Group is generally required to pay within 2 to 60 days of calculating the actual number of exposures or hits per month. During the period under review, revenue from online advertising services was severely affected, with related major costs and trade payables reduced accordingly. As at 30 June 2020, tax payables amounted to approximately RMB14.8 million (as at 31 December 2019: approximately RMB20.1 million), representing a decrease of approximately 26.3% as compared with the tax payables as at 31 December 2019. It was mainly due to the decrease in the business volume of the Group. Significant investments, material acquisitions and disposals of During the period under review, there was no significant investments, material acquisitions and disposals of subsidiaries or associated companies recorded by the Group. The Group’s overall financial position is stable with sufficient liquidity. As at 30 June 2020, bank balances and cash was approximately RMB70.4 million (as at 31 December 2019: approximately RMB68.0 million), of which, approximately 49.9% was in RMB, the remaining approximately 50.1% was in HKD and other currencies. The bank balances and cash were denominated in the following currencies: 30 June 2020 31 December 2019 During the period under review, the Group did not have any pledged assets. During the period under review, the Group did not have any other significant capital expenditure. During the period under review, the Group did not have any other significant contingent liabilities. The Group’s gearing ratio increased from approximately 47.8% as at 31 December 2019 to approximately 59.8% as at 30 June 2020, which was primarily due to borrowing a loan for daily operation purposes from an independent third party during the period under review. The gearing ratio is calculated by dividing the sum of total bank and other borrowings and lease liabilities by total equity as at the end of the respective periods, and multiplied by 100%. The Company’s shares (the “Shares”) were listed on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the “Stock Exchange”) on 12 November 2019 (the “Listing Date”) and the net proceeds raised from the initial public offering after deducting professional fees, underwriting commissions and other related listing expenses amounted to approximately HK$78.8 million (the “IPO Net Proceeds”). On 24 February 2020, the Board resolved to change the use of the unutilized IPO Net Proceeds. Please refer to the Company’s announcement dated 24 February 2020 for details. As at 30 June 2020, an analysis of the utilization of the IPO Net Proceeds is shown as follows: Revised approximate percentage of the IPO Net Proceeds (%) Revised net amount of the IPO Net Utilized amount of the IPO Net Proceeds as at 30 June Unutilized amount of the IPO Net Proceeds as at 30 June (HK$ million) (HK$ million) (HK$ million) Enhancing the Group’s market position in TV advertising through strengthening its financial position to satisfy the prepayment obligation to TV stations to acquire TV Further developing the Group’s online Further developing the Group’s outdoor Strengthening the Group’s strategy formulation and data analytical capabilities As at 30 June 2020, the unutilized amount of the IPO Net Proceeds of the Company were approximately HK$13.5 million (equivalent to approximately RMB12.1 million). The Company intended to use the unutilized IPO Net Proceeds in accordance with the method described in the prospectus of the Company dated 31 October 2019 (the “Prospectus”) and the proportion set out in the Company’s announcement dated 24 February 2020. Save as disclosed in the Company’s announcement dated 24 February 2020, there is no change in the expected utilization of IPO Net Proceed previously disclosed in the Prospectus. The Company expects to fully utilize the IPO Net Proceeds within 2 years from the Listing Date. The Group’s business activities and operations are mainly carried out in China where core transactions are conducted in RMB. The influence by exchange rate fluctuations on cash flow or liquidity of the Group’s operating business is very limited, therefore, the Group currently did not engage in or intend to manage hedging activities of foreign exchange rate risk. The Group will continue to monitor foreign exchange activities to secure the Group’s cash value as far as possible. The Group is exposed to cash flow interest rate risk due to the fluctuations in the prevailing market interest rates on bank balances and cash. The Group does not have an interest rate hedging policy. The Group’s fair value interest rate risk relates primarily to fixed-rate bank and other borrowings, lease liabilities, and amounts due to a related party. The Group’s policy is to maintain short-term borrowings at prevailing market interest rates so as to minimize the fair value interest rate risk. To attract and retain employees of the Group, the Group provides competitive remuneration packages to its executive Directors and senior management. These comprise salaries and allowance, performance related bonuses, retirement benefits contributions and long-term incentive plan which includes Share Option Scheme. The remuneration package of executives Directors and senior management is reference to salaries paid by comparable companies, time commitment and responsibilities and employment conditions elsewhere in the Group. The performance related bonuses are calculated based on our employees’ respective position, duration of services and performance of our employees. The Group assesses the remuneration package offered to our employees on an annual basis to determine whether any adjustment to the basic salaries and bonus should be made. The remuneration payable to our employees includes salaries and allowance, performance related bonuses and retirement benefits contributions. The salaries of our employees are generally determined by the employees’ respective position, qualification, experience and performance. The performance related bonuses are calculated based on our employees’ respective position, duration of services and performance of our employees. In order to attract and retain our employees, we assess the remuneration package offered to our employees on an annual basis to determine whether any adjustment to the basic salaries and bonus should be made. We provide training programmes for all of our employees to enhance our employees’ knowledge, skills and capability relevant to the advertising industry. All of our new hires will be provided with an induction programme to familiarise with the Group, followed by on-the-job training based on departmental needs and the development strategies of the Group. We also provide promotion opportunities for capable employees as we have policies and procedures setting out the assessment criteria for promotion. The independent non-executive Directors’ remuneration relates to the time commitment and responsibilities. They receive fees which comprise the following components: (i) (ii) Share options which are rewarded subject to the discretion of the Board. As at 30 June 2020, the Group employed a total of 62 full-time employees (as at 30 June 2019: 80 full-time employees). Compared with the total number of employees as at 30 June 2019, the number of employees decreased by 18. The COVID-19 pandemic has caused certain impact on the Group’s business operations. In order to ensure its profits, the Group adjusted its employee structure. Further, certain employees did not return to Beijing as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic and have disengaged with the Group, and the Group has not filled the corresponding vacancies in the short run. For the period under review, the relevant staff costs amounted to approximately RMB8.4 million (six months ended 30 June 2019: approximately RMB9.5 million), representing a decrease of approximately 11.2% as compared to the same period last year. In addition to the aforementioned factors, the PRC has reduced the social insurance payable during the COVID-19 pandemic, which has led to the reduction of staff costs. On 11 August 2020, the head office and principal place of business of the Company in the PRC was changed to Room 201, 2/F, Building C1, Phase II, Dongyi International Media Industrial Park, No. 8 Gaojing Culture Park Road, Chaoyang District, Beijing, the PRC. Save as disclosed above, the Directors confirmed that subsequent to 30 June 2020 and up to the date of this report, there have not been any major events affecting the Group. (i) (ii) Since the beginning of the year of 2020, the COVID-19 pandemic has spread in China and has affected the business and economic activities of the Group to a certain extent. However, in a long run, it may have limited impact on enterprises and the economy in China; the long-term positive development outlook of China’s economy remains unchanged. In the second half of 2020, the Group will focus on its existing advantages and core competitiveness and continue to enlarge the investment on internet to further stimulate the team’s innovative vitality, strive to maintain a stable operation during the economic down cycle, and lay a foundation for the medium and long-term development of the Group. Specifically, in terms of TV advertising and content marketing, we will continue to actively enhance creative production and communication capabilities, develop content marketing business so as to enhance customers’ brand value by content integration. In terms of online advertising and online marketing, we will follow the trends of the entire new media environment, comply with the changes in customer’s needs and continue to enlarge the investment on internet to leverage the matrix advantages of internet media and new media resources, strength the resource efficiency of high-quality traffic, further improve the online marketing business, continuously improve the internet integrated service capacity and provide one-stop online marketing solutions to more customers. In terms of outdoor advertising, we leverage on the Company’s accumulated advantages and experience in TV advertising to continuously strengthen the market expansion in the field of outdoor subway TV advertising placement. Meanwhile, we will continue to explore and follow up on new technologies. By using new technologies, we will look for new media advertising methods and start new advertising business so as to expand new market, provide customers with new advertising value and seek new profit growth points. 