For the six months ended 30 June 2020, the Group recorded a revenue of HK$261,482,000 (the corresponding period in 2019: HK$154,807,000). The Group stayed committed to forge ahead against the adverse backdrop of Covid-19 epidemic. Further, the Group seized opportunities and established the production and sales of personal protective equipment (“PPE”) and managed to recorded revenue and gross profit higher than the corresponding period of last year. At the same time, the Group’s continuous efforts in costs and expense control resulted in a substantial decrease in the loss compared to the corresponding period of last year. The accumulated losses for the six months ended 30 June 2020 was HK$27,515,000 (corresponding period in 2019: HK$35,026,000). The Group has been actively developing markets, stepping up R&D efforts to develop and introduce appropriate silicone lifestyle products that target the demands from markets. The Group has been continuously expanding its product portfolio and optimizing the product mix and it continues to consolidate its market share in wearable consumer products. Meanwhile, the global outbreak and spread of Covid-19 pandemic has resulted in a severe shortage in PPE especially protective masks. The Group actively developed PPE markets and successfully developed and launched environmental-friendly and reusable all-silicone masks, which were highly welcomed and by its customers both in the PRC and abroad. Domestic tourism industry was heavily hit by the Covid-19 pandemic and was frozen at the first half of 2020. However, the Group was not affected since it outsourced the hotel operation in Hainan at the end of last year. Nevertheless, the Group has always been exploring options to maximise values for the shareholders. On 11 May 2020, the Group entered into an agreement for the disposal of the hotel properties in Hainan. The disposal is currently still in progress. The global economy has been facing acute challenges since the outbreak of Covid-19 pandemic in the beginning of 2020. However, the Group strongly believes that crisis creates opportunities. The core ability to seize business opportunities in the midst of crisis is of utmost importance for an organization to survive, thrive and emerge even stronger from the crisis. With regards to the Group’s PPE business, although the Covid-19 pandemic is expected to be contained in the near future, it surely has been a valuable lesson for everyone in the world on epidemic prevention awareness. The Group expects the global demand on PPE would remain strong in the longer term and protective masks would become daily products and even fast-moving consumer goods. The Group has gained valuable experience from the R&D, production and sale of all-silicone masks at the first half of the year and successfully established the global distribution networks and resources on PPE. On that basis, the Group not only can expand and foster the production and sales of its own silicone masks, it can also leverage the networks and resources to develop other business such as trading of PPE and beyond. The Covid-19 pandemic has also had significant impact on peoples’ ways of lives around the world. Due to the increasing time that people spending at home, the demands on household supplies including kitchenware and even adult products has increased significantly. Awareness of health and fitness has also increased and that has given rise to the stronger demands on products of household health and personal fitness. The aforementioned products are all suitable applications of silicone materials. The Group is following closely the market trends and continues to increase its R&D efforts on self-developed products. The Group is also exploring multi-dimensional distribution channels such as the Internet e-commerce and New Retail to speed up market shares acquisition. During the six months ended 30 June 2020, the Group recorded a revenue of HK$261,482,000, representing an increase of 68.9% as compared with the corresponding period in 2019. The major contributor of the revenue was still selling silicone and its related products, which accounted for approximately 97.2% of total turnover. The group received warm response from both PRC and overseas market for its PPE products during the period, resulting in an increase in the silicone segment’s revenue of approximately 68.9%. In addition, the Group recorded steady income from the outsourcing of hotel operation despite the Covid-19 pandemic. During the period, revenue from healthcare and hotel business segment accounted for approximately 2.8% of total turnover. The gross profit was HK$46,243,000, representing an increase of 21.7% as compared with the corresponding period in 2019. The overall profit margin for the period decreased to 17.7% from 24.5% for the corresponding period in 2019. The newly developed PPE products commanded lower margin than traditional silicone products of the Group. However the Group was still able to record an increase in the gross profit given the larger turnover as compared to the corresponding period last year. Other operating income decreased by HK$6,645,000 or 44.1% to HK$8,418,000 as compared with the corresponding period in 2019. The decrease was mainly due to the absence of one-off disposal of investment property recorded in the corresponding period last year. Selling and distribution expenses increase marginally by 2.0% to HK$9,095,000 as compared with the corresponding period in 2019. In terms of percentage of the Group’s turnover, total selling and distribution expenses accounted for 3.5%, representing a decrease of 2.3% as compared with the corresponding period in 2019. Such decrease was achieved as a result of effective cost control implemented by the Group. Administrative expenses decreased by 9.59% to HK$63,600,000 as compared with the corresponding period in 2019. This was achieved as a result of effective cost control implemented by the Group as well as the absence of expenses relating to the relocation of head office to Chengdu incurred during the corresponding period in 2019. The Group recorded loss attributable to shareholders of HK$27,513,000 during the period, representing a decrease of 26.0% from the loss attributable to shareholders for the corresponding period last year amounted to of HK$37,199,000. During the period, the Group’s source of funds was cash generated from operating activities and the Group’s working capital remained stable. 30 June 31 December Net current assets/(liabilities) The Group adopted a conservative approach to the cash management and investment of uncommitted funds. The unused funds were placed as short-term deposits with authorised financial institutions in Hong Kong and the PRC. During the period, the Group’s receipts were mainly denominated in US dollars and Hong Kong dollars. Payments were mainly settled in US dollars and RMB. In respect of RMB, as the Group’s production plants are mainly located in the PRC, most of our labour costs, manufacturing overheads, selling and administrative expenses were denominated in RMB. Therefore, the appreciation of RMB will adversely affect the Group’s profitability. The Group will closely monitor RMB movements and take appropriate measures to deal with RMB exposure. As the Group is committed to developing high value-added products with excellent quality, experienced workers, engineers and professionals are the most important assets to the Group. We offer on-the-job training and encourage staff to attend continuous professional training in order to enhance their skills and knowledge. We offer competitive remuneration packages, including quality staff quarters, training, medical care, insurance coverage and retirement benefits, to all employees in Hong Kong and in the PRC. As at 30 June 2020, the Group employed approximately 1,240 employees. The Board does not recommend the payment of interim dividend for the six months ended 30 June 2020 (30 June 2019: Nil). 