Times Neighborhood Holdings Limited (the “Company” or “we” or “Times Neighborhood”) is China’s leading and fast-growing comprehensive property management service provider. It is mainly engaged in property management services, value-added services to non-property owners, community value-added services and other professional services. We strive to provide more services and create more value for property owners and customers through diversified business ecology planning. We adhere to the philosophy of “impressing customers with quality and warming customers with services ( )” and have always been committed to “let more people enjoy a better life ( )”. In the first half of 2020, with its service quality and brand reputation tested in markets, the Company and its subsidiaries (collectively, the “Group”) was recognized by China Index Academy (“CIA”) as the 12th in the Top 100 Property Management Companies in Terms of Overall Strength in the PRC, and successively ranked among “Top 10 Listed Property Management Companies in China in Terms of Overall Strength ( TOP10)”, “Top 5 Listed Property Management Enterprises with Investment Value in China ( TOP5)” and “China’s Leading Enterprises in Urban Property Management ( )”, and was recognized by CIA as one of the “China Leading Property Management Companies in terms of Characteristic Services – Quality Characteristic Services ( As an enterprise deeply rooted in the Guangdong-Hong Kong-Macao Greater Bay Area (the “Greater Bay Area”), Times Neighborhood focused on its development strategy of “Being deeply rooted in the Greater Bay Area, Expanding its presence into the whole China, and Accelerating diversified businesses” ( ), and actively expanded its presence into such areas as Suzhou, Chongqing, Wuhan, Chengdu, Nanjing, Zhengzhou, Ningbo, Shenyang, Wuxi, Huzhou, Langfang and Nanning. At the same time, the Group has made sound progress in obtaining third- party development projects of higher quality. In terms of business expansion, the scale of our management increased rapidly in the first half of 2020. As of 30 June 2020, we had a total of 309 projects (including 6 municipal sanitation projects and 5 urban public service projects) under management, with a total contracted GFA of approximately 105.9 million sq.m. and a total GFA under management of approximately 79 million sq.m.. Among them, there are 298 property management service projects under management with a GFA under property management of approximately 48.4 million sq.m., 6 municipal sanitation projects with a GFA under management of approximately 8.3 million sq.m., and 5 urban public service projects with a GFA under management of approximately 22.3 million sq.m.. In the first half of 2020, the newly increased of the GFA of third-party development projects under the management of the Group (including municipal sanitation projects and urban public service projects) was approximately 32.0 million sq.m. (excluding terminated projects). In the first half of 2020, the Group successfully acquired Guangzhou Haoqing Property Management Co., Ltd. ( ) (“Guangzhou Haoqing”) and Guangzhou Yaocheng Property Management Co., Ltd. ( ) (“Guangzhou Yaocheng”), and entered into an equity transfer agreement for the acquisition of 51% equity interest of Shanghai Kejian Property Services Co., Ltd. ( ) (“Shanghai Kejian”), thus broadening the management scale, stabilizing our position in the field of public buildings industry and entering the field of industrial logistics real estate property management. The Group is committed to continuously enriching the forms of its property management services, realizing the steady development of the forms of projects under management, expanding the scope of service and sources of revenue of the Group, bringing new market business opportunities for the Group, gradually developing the Group into a comprehensive property management service provider oriented towards urban services. In terms of intelligent property development, we have also made a series of attempts. In the first half of 2020, Times Neighborhood strategically cooperated with Alibaba and Guangdong Mobile in establishing “5G+Future Joint Lab for the Community” to jointly explore the way of future community construction. Through the application of various advanced technologies, such as Internet of Things, cloud computing and artificial intelligent computing, our nationwide integrated management and control platform was optimized and upgraded, thus improving our service quality and efficiency. Through its wholly-owned subsidiary, Guangzhou Neighborhood Intelligent Engineering Co., Ltd., the Group integrated platform development, sales agency, construction and installation, and after-sales maintenance, with a focus on the development in three main sectors, namely smart car park, smart monitoring, and smart door lock. During the six months ended 30 June 2020 (the “Period”), the Group completed 70 projects for the remote management and control transformation of smart car parks, and 30 projects for national smart management and control access, and made continuous efforts to reduce costs and improve efficiency as well as improved the overall level of intelligentization development. Our main business includes property management services, value- added services to non-property owners, community value-added services and other professional services, comprehensively covering the entire property management value chain. As of 30 June 2020, our property management services under management has covered 17 cities, with a total of 298 property management projects (excluding 6 municipal sanitation projects and 5 urban public service projects), and a GFA under property management of approximately 48.4 million sq.m.. In addition, we had a total of 285 contracted property management projects which had not been handed over to us for management, with undelivered GFA of approximately 26.9 million sq.m.. Leveraging on the good quality and market reputation, we have expanded to cities including Suzhou, Chongqing, Wuhan, Chengdu, Nanjing, Zhengzhou, Ningbo, Shenyang, Wuxi, Huzhou, Langfang and Nanning. In the first half of 2020, we rapidly expanded our property management services portfolio and increased our business scale and market share and diversified our business scope through organic expansion and strategic acquisition and investment opportunities. The table below sets forth the movements of our contracted GFA under property management and GFA under management as of the dates indicated: 30 June 2020 30 June 2019 Contracted GFA under Contracted GFA under (sq.m.’ 000) (sq.m.’ 000) (sq.m.’ 000) (sq.m.’ 000) At the beginning of New engagements(1) Acquisitions(2) Terminations(3) Notes: In relation to residential communities and non-residential communities we manage, new engagements primarily include preliminary property management service contracts for new properties developed by property developers and property management service contracts for non- residential communities replacing their previous property management service providers. These refer to engagements obtained through our acquisitions of Guangzhou Haoqing and Guangzhou Yaocheng, and the signing of an equity transfer agreement for the acquisition of 51% equity interest in Shanghai Kejian in the first half of 2020. These terminations include our voluntary non-renewal of certain property management service contracts. We reallocated our resources to more profitable engagements in an effort to optimize our property management portfolio. The table below sets forth our contracted GFA under property management and GFA under management by regions as of the dates indicated: As at 30 June 2020 As at 31 December 2019 Contracted GFA under Contracted GFA under (sq.m.’ 000) (sq.m.’ 000) (sq.m.’ 000) (sq.m.’ 000) Other regions in China except Central and Southern China(1) East China(2) North China(3) Southwest China(4) Northeast China(5) Northwest China(6) Notes: Central and Southern China includes: Henan Province, Hubei Province, Hunan Province, Guangdong Province (excluding cities in the Greater Bay Area) and Guangxi Zhuang Autonomous Region; East China includes: Shanghai, Jiangsu Province, Zhejiang Province, Anhui Province, Fujian Province and Jiangxi Province; North China includes: Beijing, Tianjin and Hebei Province; Southwest China includes: Sichuan Province, Guizhou Province, Yunnan Province and Chongqing; Northeast China includes: Liaoning Province; Northwest China includes: Shaanxi Province. The Group has been deeply rooted in the Greater Bay Area for more than 20 years and has continuously expanded the scope of property management in the Greater Bay Area, further consolidating its competitive advantage in the area. As of 30 June 2020, among the Group’s projects under property management, the projects with the management area of approximately 40.8 million sq.m. were located in the Greater Bay Area, accounting for 84.3% of the GFA under property management. With our successful management experience in the Greater Bay Area and word of mouth in the market, we achieved rapid expansion in other cities. During the first half of 2020, the addition to the contracted GFA under property management of the Group was approximately 27.3 million sq.m., of which approximately 11.1 million sq.m. was the addition to the contracted GFA in the projects in the Greater Bay Area and approximately 16.2 million sq.m. was the addition to the contracted GFA in the projects in other cities (excluding terminated projects). We manage a diversified portfolio of properties, and in addition to residential properties, we also place an increasingly focus on non- residential properties, such as commercial properties and office buildings, government buildings, industry parks, public facilities, hospitals, airports and schools, to diversify the project types of our service offerings and make them balanced. The table below sets forth a breakdown of our GFA under property management as of the dates indicated and revenue generated from property management services for the periods indicated by type of property: (sq.m.’000) (sq.m.’000) As a result of our continuous efforts to expand our customer base and to diversify our portfolio of properties under management, our GFA under property management for non-residential properties increased from approximately 21.7 million sq.m. as of 30 June 2019 to approximately 28.7 million sq.m. as of 30 June 2020, and the proportion of our revenue generated from managing non-residential properties to our total revenue generated from property management services increased from 37.8% in the first half of 2019 to 44.1% in the first half of 2020. We believe that the experience and recognition we have gained from managing such diversified non-residential properties will enable us to further expand our portfolio of properties under management, grow our customer base and create diversified sources of financial growth. While benefiting from the rapid growth of the real estate development business of Times China Holdings Limited and its subsidiaries (the “Times China Group”), we also stepped up our expansion into independent third-party markets. Leveraging on our high quality services, our professional service team and our renowned reputation, we have achieved a rapid growth in terms of GFA obtained from the expansion of third-party markets. The following table sets forth a breakdown of our GFA under property management as of the dates indicated and revenue generated from property management services by property developer for the periods indicated: (sq.m.’000) (sq.m.’000) Times China Group(1) Third-party property developers(2) Notes: Includes properties solely developed by Times China Group and properties that Times China Group jointly developed with other property developers for which properties Times China Group held a controlling interest. Includes properties solely developed by third-party property developers independent from Times China Group, as well as properties jointly developed by Times China Group and other property developers for which Times China Group did not hold a controlling interest. Properties developed by third-party property developers also include government- owned buildings and other public properties, which are constructed by third-party construction companies. The percentage of GFA under property management for properties developed by third-party property developers grew from 55.9% as of 30 June 2019 to 59.4% as of 30 June 2020. The revenue generated from managing properties developed by third-party property developers increased from RMB103.9 million in the first half of 2019 to RMB197.8 million in the first half of 2020. Such growth is mainly due to our strategic acquisitions and the business cooperation with third parties. We offer a broad range of property related business solutions to non-property owners, primarily property developers, which cover their entire property development process, consisting of (i) sales assistance services, which assist property developers in showcasing and marketing their properties, including pre-sale consultation, display unit management, organizing sales campaigns as well as visitor reception for property development projects, (ii) construction site services, including consultancy and security services, (iii) housing agency services for residences, shops and parking spaces, (iv) pre- delivery cleaning services, and (v) urban redevelopment project services. During the first half of 2020, the revenue derived from value-added services to non-property owners increased significantly by 63.8% to approximately RMB191.6 million from RMB117.0 million in the same period of 2019, primarily due to the substantial increase in the revenue of sales assistance services and pre-delivery cleaning services. The table below sets forth the breakdown of revenue derived from value-added services to non-property owners for the periods indicated: Urban redevelopment project As of 30 June 2020, we provided property management and value- added services for 17 urban redevelopment projects, including services such as cleaning, security, operation management and tenant management. The urban redevelopment projects not only enrich our source of income, but also bring us more project reserves and the possibility of diversifying value-added businesses. As an extension of property management services, in order to satisfy the property owners and residents’ pursuit of convenience, enhance customers’ experience and increase their loyalty, we provide a wide range of services in two categories, namely, public space leasing and parking space management and resident services. Our resident services mainly include featured butler services, community shopping, operation management, repair and maintenance of home appliances and event organization services. The table below sets forth the breakdown of revenue derived from community value-added services for the periods indicated: Public space leasing and During the first half of 2020, the revenue from community value- added services increased by 41.5% to approximately RMB44.7 million as compared with RMB31.6 million for the corresponding period in 2019, which was mainly due to the expansion of our GFA under property management, the substantial increase in the number of users served and the increasing diversification of resident services business types. We provide other professional services to our customers, including (i) elevator services (including sale, installation, repair and maintenance of elevators), (ii) municipal sanitation services, (iii) intelligent engineering services and iv urban public services. The table below sets forth the breakdown of revenue derived from other professional services for the periods indicated: We entered the field of municipal sanitation services through the strategic acquisition of Guangzhou Dongkang Property Services Co., Ltd., providing environment cleaning, domestic waste collection, disposal and comprehensive utilization services to municipal facilities including public roads, garbage stations and parks. As of 30 June 2020, 6 municipal sanitation projects under our management were all located in the Greater Bay Area with the management area of approximately 8.3 million sq.m.. In the first half of 2020, we developed urban public services projects, providing services such as security patrol, integrated management of construction site and comprehensive cleaning for these projects. As of 30 June 2020, 5 urban public services projects under our management were all located in the Greater Bay Area with the management area of approximately 22.3 million sq.m.. In the first half of 2020, scale expansion remained the core development strategy of property management enterprises. In addition to actively striving for advantages in development, cooperation and arrangement, the continuous expansion in the management area, property management enterprises further accelerated the pace of acquisition and merger to speed up the scale expansion. By seeking opportunities of cooperation with real estate developers and potential acquisition opportunities, leading enterprises in the industry actively entered the field of urban services, a blue ocean market, and continuously enriched the portfolio of forms of properties under management to drive the growth in the diversified sources of revenue, thus gaining more market share. With more open policies, the industry developed towards a standardized and democratized trend. Since 2019, authorities in Shenzhen, Tianjin, Beijing, Shanghai and other regions have published the policies in relation to exploring the market-adjusted pricing for property service fees, in order to remove the limitation on the preliminary property service fee for ordinary residential communities and adopt the market-adjusted pricing. Promulgated in 2020, the Civil Code adjusts certain regulations on the property industry, lowering the threshold for property owners to make decisions on major issues in the community, and specifies a number of industry-related laws and regulations. Governments in various regions have also revised and improved policies and regulations related to property management. As a result, the development of the industry has become more regulated. The industry can provide wider and more diversified services. The government work report at the “two sessions” for 2020 strengthens the construction of new urbanization, specifies the effort for the reconstruction of old communities, and proposes for the first time the development of diversified community services, thus bringing about new opportunities for the development of property management enterprises. With the continuous deepening of the reform of logistics socialization, all sectors of society advocate incorporating property management into the social governance system. Property service enterprises have explored the field of smart city operation services, and intelligentization, specialization and diversification have also become the development direction of enterprises. More and more property service companies increase their investment in scientific and technological innovation to improve service efficiency by scientific and technological means. They are committed to promoting the transformation of the property service industry from a labor-intensive industry to a service-intensive industry. They provide customers with a more considerate and pleasant service experience while improving profits and imagination. At the beginning of 2020 when the COVID-19 broke out, property service enterprises actively shouldered social responsibilities, providing key community support in the lockdowns for epidemic prevention, at the frontline of fighting against the outbreak, and accelerated their exploration and development towards community value-added services. The outbreak also contributed to the “secondary value discovery” in the property service industry. With people’s greater demands for living environment and public health and safety, the market demand for high-quality property services persists. Following the trend, the property service industry moves from behind the scenes to the front, integrates into all aspects of social life and becomes an important part of building a better life. Looking forward to the second half of 2020, the property management service industry will maintain a steady growth momentum. Listing, and scale and boundary expansion will still be the focus of the property management service industry. With strong capital support, it is expected that there will be more mergers and acquisitions in the second half of 2020, leading to higher industry concentration. For property management service enterprises, providing quality service remains the core work, while using science and technology to improve service quality, reduce costs and enhance efficiency is also the direction of efforts of an enterprise. Further Expanding the Scale to Make Breakthroughs in We will accelerate the expansion of management scale to capture opportunities for short-term development. We will continue to be deeply rooted in the Greater Bay Area, and establish property management alliances with small and medium-sized developers to enhance the management density of regions. In East China, Central China, Southwest China and other regions with high economic growth, we will enhance the management density of existing regions and constantly develop new markets. In the meantime, we will further expand and optimize our marketing team, improve the Company’s qualifications for various projects, and increase the acceptance rate of our tenders. In addition, we will make more active efforts in developing the property management market of public buildings, and continue to set competition barriers in segments, so as to achieve breakthroughs in the forms of our management business and further increase our market share. Strategic Arrangement for Featured Businesses and We will make an attempt at pilot projects and project development in more fields and business forms, such as urban services and property management in old communities. In terms of urban services, we will take municipal sanitation as a breakthrough, and then gradually work on comprehensive services including public services and resource management. In terms of old communities, we will develop our operating capability through the installation of elevators and other service businesses. Improvement in the Service System and Enhancement of Times Neighborhood has endeavored to conduct property management for all business forms, and has successfully entered the fields of residence, commercial office building, public building, school, hospital, urban service and logistics industry, etc. In order to achieve higher owner satisfaction and brand recognition, we intend to establish differentiated business lines and service systems in residential and non-residential areas. Based on the existing residential service brands, we will establish a new service brand in the non- residential field with high-standard and high-quality service standards. In addition, we are committed to enhancing our service capability and the satisfaction of property owners and customers, so as to create benchmark projects for various fields under management, thus enhancing our brand awareness and creating a higher brand value. Development of Value-added Services for Characteristic Communities and Exploration of Sustainable Business We will actively explore the value-added service system which supports future growth of the Group. On the basis of maintaining customer loyalty and flow for high-frequency and low-value-added businesses, we will focus on developing low-frequency and high-net- worth businesses to generate more income and profits, establish a sustainable business model, gradually expand to more regions, and integrate other services including house renovation and degradation of formaldehyde. 2020 is the first year of listing of Times Neighborhood. At the new starting point, Times Neighborhood will capitalize on the “window of opportunity” of high-quality development of national economy and the Guangdong-Hong Kong-Macao Greater Bay Area policy. It will deepen the strategic arrangement by taking advantages of the listing platform, focus on the development of property services, tap into diversified demand for property services, give play to the synergy among various business segments, promote its high-quality development, rapidly increase business scale and market share, and continuously consolidate the industry leading position of Times Neighborhood. We always adhere to the business philosophy of “impressing customers with quality and warming customers with services”. Based on four service principles, we will win the recognition of property owners, communities and the public, with our reliable and efficient services. We will keep growing and let more people enjoy a better life. The Group’s revenue is mainly derived from property management services, value-added services to non-property owners, community value-added services and other professional services. The Group’s revenue increased by RMB246.3 million or 54.0% to RMB702.0 million for the six months ended 30 June 2020 from RMB455.7 million for the six months ended 30 June 2019, which was primarily attributable to the increase in our revenue from property management services and revenue from value-added services to non-property owners. The table below sets forth the breakdown of revenue of the Group by operating segments for the periods indicated: Value-added services to Community value-added The property management services are still our largest source of revenue. As at 30 June 2020, the revenue from property management services was RMB424.6 million, accounting for 60.5% of the Group’s total revenue. This increase in revenue was primarily driven by the fast growth of our GFA under management, which was resulted from both our continuous cooperation with Times China Group and our efforts to expand the third-party customer base. The increase in revenue from value-added services to non-property owners, community value- added services and other professional services was mainly due to the increasing demands for services resulting from the increase of property development projects, the increase of our management area and the number of users served and the increasing diversification of resident services business types, as well as the increase of service types, respectively. Our cost of sales mainly consists of (i) labor costs; (ii) cleaning and gardening expenses; and (iii) maintenance costs, etc. For the six months ended 30 June 2020, the total cost of sales of the Group was approximately RMB502.9 million, which increased by approximately RMB169.7 million or approximately 50.9% as compared to approximately RMB333.2 million for the same period of 2019. The rate of increase in cost of sales was lower than that of our revenue, primarily due to the continuous operation of cost control and effective cost reduction. Based on the above reasons, the gross profit of the Group increased by RMB76.5 million or 62.4% to RMB199.1 million for the six months ended 30 June 2020 from RMB122.6 million for the six months ended 30 June 2019. Gross profit margin of the Group by business lines was as follows: For the six months ended 30 June 2020, the gross profit margin of the Group increased by 1.5 percentage points as compared with the corresponding period last year, primarily due to the growth in the scale of property management services and the general increase in gross profit margin as a result of the improvement of the operation process. Our gross profit margin of property management services increased by 2.2 percentage points, primarily due to our successful implementation of cost-control measures, such as further adopting technologies and automated equipment to replace manual labor. The Group has continuously promoted the construction of intelligent community and management system, which successfully reduced our cost and improved our efficiency. Our gross profit margin of value-added services to non-property owners increased by 0.7 percentage point, primarily due to the more diversified service types we provided, such as the new housing agency services business in 2020. Our gross profit margin of community value-added services increased by 1.9 percentage points, primarily due to the increase in revenue from the residential services with a higher gross profit margin. Our gross profit margin of other professional services increased by 1.4 percentage points, primarily due to the gradual expansion of the business scale and the more diversified service types we provided. The other income and gains of the Group increased by RMB7.0 million or 304.3% to RMB9.3 million for the six months ended 30 June 2020 from RMB2.3 million for the six months ended 30 June 2019, which was primarily attributable to the increase in gains from the disposals of financial assets at fair value through profit or loss. Administrative expenses mainly consist of (i) labor costs of the management personnel; (ii) office expenses; and (iii) depreciation and amortization, etc. For the six months ended 30 June 2020, the total administrative expenses of the Group were approximately RMB70.3 million, which increased by approximately RMB22.1 million or approximately 45.9% as compared to approximately RMB48.2 million for the six months ended 30 June 2019. Such increase was mainly incurred in the business expansion. The other expenses of the Group decreased by RMB5.3 million or 71.6% to RMB2.1 million for the six months ended 30 June 2020 from RMB7.4 million for the six months ended 30 June 2019. The decrease in expenses is mainly due to other expenses for the six months ended 30 June 2019 included the listing expenses of RMB5.6 million. The finance costs of the Group increased by RMB4.1 million or 68.3% to RMB10.1 million for the six months ended 30 June 2020 from RMB6.0 million for the six months ended 30 June 2019, which were primarily attributable to interest expense arising from revenue from contracts. Interest expense arising from revenue from contracts results from property management fees received in advance of the due date. For the six months ended 30 June 2020, the income tax of the Group during the first half of 2020 was approximately RMB34.6 million (for the six months ended 30 June 2019: RMB15.0 million) primarily due to the increase in taxable income. The net profit of the Group increased by approximately RMB42.4 million or approximately 101.4% to approximately RMB84.2 million for the six months ended 30 June 2020 from approximately RMB41.8 million for the six months ended 30 June 2019. Core Net Profit Attributable to Owners of the Parent The core net profit attributable to owners of the parent company excluded the listing expenses. The core net profit attributable to owners of the parent company increased by approximately 76.2% to approximately RMB84.2 million for the six months ended 30 June 2020 from approximately RMB47.8 million for the six months ended 30 June 2019. The Group’s property, plant and equipment mainly included leasehold improvement, motor vehicles and office equipment. As at 30 June 2020, the Group’s property, plant and equipment was approximately RMB43.1 million, an increase by approximately RMB7.6 million from approximately RMB35.5 million as at 31 December 2019, mainly due to the increase in our purchase of office equipments, transportation equipment and lease renovations. Trade receivables mainly arise from property management services, value-added services to non-property owners and other professional services provided to Times China Group and third parties. The Group’s trade receivables as at 30 June 2020 amounted to approximately RMB351.8 million, representing an increase of approximately RMB138.3 million or 64.8% as compared to approximately RMB213.5 million as at 31 December 2019, which was consistent with the trend of income growth. Prepayment, deposits and other receivables increased by 42.8% from RMB53.7 million as of 31 December 2019 to RMB76.7 million as of 30 June 2020, primarily due to the expansion of the Company’s business scale. The Group’s trade payables as at 30 June 2020 amounted to approximately RMB185.9 million, representing an increase of approximately RMB63.8 million or 52.3% as compared to approximately RMB122.1 million as at 31 December 2019, mainly due to the expansion of the Company’s business scale. Other payables and accruals increased by 26.1% from RMB242.9 million as of 31 December 2019 to RMB306.3 million as of 30 June 2020, primarily due to the expansion of the Company’s business scale. For the six months ended 30 June 2020, the Group maintained a sound financial position. As at 30 June 2020, the Group’s current ratio (current assets/current liabilities) was 1.99 times (31 December 2019: 2.15 times) and net gearing indicated a net cash status (31 December 2019: net cash). Net gearing ratio is calculated by interest-bearing borrowings minus cash and cash equivalents, and then divided by net assets. As at 30 June 2020 and 31 December 2019, the Group did not have any outstanding interest-bearing borrowings. As at 30 June 2020, none of the assets of the Group were pledged. As at 30 June 2020, the Group did not have any material contingent liabilities. As the Group had no significant interest-bearing assets and liabilities, the Group is not exposed to material risk directly relating to changes in market interest rate. The Group mainly operates in the PRC and most of its operations are denominated in RMB. The Group will closely monitor the fluctuations of the RMB exchange rate and give prudent consideration as to entering into currency swap arrangement as and when appropriate for hedging corresponding risks. As at 30 June 2020, the Group did not engage in hedging activities for managing foreign exchange rate risk. Pursuant to the equity transfer agreement entered into on 24 March 2020 between Huizhou Huiyang Baowen Real Estate Development ) (“Huizhou Huiyang”) as vendor and Guangzhou Times Neighborhood Corporate Governance Co., Ltd. ( ) (“Guangzhou Times Neighborhood”), an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, as purchaser, Guangzhou Times Neighborhood agreed to acquire the entire equity interest of Guangzhou Haoqing and the shareholder loan from Huizhou Huiyang at the total consideration of RMB32,722,984.80. Guangzhou Haoqing is a property management and municipal sanitation service provider established in the PRC. The business registration and arrangement of such equity transfer were completed in April 2020. Upon completion of such acquisition, Guangzhou Haoqing has become a subsidiary of the Group. For further details, please refer to the announcement of the Company dated 24 March 2020. Acquisition of Xuzhou Mengmu Enterprise Management Pursuant to the equity transfer agreement entered into on 28 June 2020 between, among others, Guangzhou Times Neighborhood, certain vendors and Xuzhou Mengmu, Guangzhou Times Neighborhood acquired the entire equity interest of Xuzhou Mengmu at the consideration of RMB234,050,000, and Xuzhou Mengmu holds 51% equity interest of Shanghai Kejian. Shanghai Kejian is a property management service provider for industrial logistics real estate established in the PRC. The business registration and arrangement of such equity transfer were completed in July 2020. Upon completion of such acquisition, Xuzhou Mengmu and Shanghai Kejian have become subsidiaries of the Group. For further details, please refer to the announcements of the Company dated 28 June 2020 and 10 July Save as disclosed in this interim report, there were no other significant investments held, no material acquisitions or disposals of subsidiaries, affiliates and joint venture enterprises during the Period, nor was there any plan authorized by the board (the “Board”) of directors (the “Directors”) of the Company for other material investments or additions of capital assets at the date of this interim report. On 7 July 2020, the Company entered into an agreement with Credit Suisse (Hong Kong) Limited (the manager) and Asiaciti Enterprises Ltd. (“Asiaciti Enterprises”) (the seller), pursuant to which the manager conditionally agreed to place 77,000,000 existing ordinary shares of the Company at the placing price of HK$10.22 per share to not less than six (6) placees on a best effort basis, while Asiaciti Enterprises conditionally agreed to subscribe for new shares, the number of which is equal to the number of the placing shares placed by the manager, at the issue price of HK$10.22 per new share (the “Issue Price”). The Issue Price represented a discount of approximately 6.92% to the closing price of HK$10.98 per share as quoted on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the “Stock Exchange”) on the last trading day prior to the signing of the agreement. The Directors considered that the placing and subscription provide a good opportunity for the Company to raise additional funds to consolidate its financial position, broaden the shareholder base and capital base of the Group, thus promoting future development, and helping increase the liquidity of shares. The Company intends to use 90% of the net proceeds from the proposed placing for taking potential strategic investment and acquisition opportunities, and the remaining 10% for the Group’s general working capital purposes. The Company completed the placing of shares, and allotment and issuance of new shares according to the general mandate, on 9 and 20 July 2020, respectively. The net proceeds received by the Company after deducting related costs and expenses are approximately HK$779,596,946. The net price for the subscription, after deduction of all relevant fees, costs and expenses to be borne or incurred by the Company was approximately HK$10.12 per share. As of the date of this interim report, the above net proceeds have not been used. For details, please see the announcements of the Company dated 7 July 2020, 15 July 2020 and 20 July 2020. Save as disclosed above, no other significant events took place after the Period. The Board did not recommend the payment of any interim dividend for the six months ended 30 June 2020 (for the six months ended 30 June 2019: Nil). The shares of the Company were listed on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange on the listing date (i.e. 19 December 2019) by way of global offering, raising the total net proceeds (after deducting professional fees, underwriting commissions and other related listing expenses) of approximately HK$786,744,178. The proceeds from the listing are and will be continuously used according to the plans disclosed in the section headed “Future Plans and Use of Proceeds – Use of Proceeds” in the prospectus dated 9 December 2019 of the Company, namely: As at 30 June 2020 Actual Use of Proceeds (Including the Reserved Amount) A p p r o x i m a t e l y 6 5 % o f the total net proceeds or HK$511,383,716 will be used for seeking selective strategic investment and acquisition opportunities and further developing strategic alliances; Approximately 36.42% of the total net proceeds or HK$286,500,000 has been used for seeking selective strategic investment and acquisition opportunities and further developing strategic alliances, while the remainder will be used for the intended purposes; A p p r o x i m a t e l y 1 5 % o f the total net proceeds or HK$118,011,627 will be used for improving the customer service quality by using advanced technology a n d b u i l d i n g a s m a r t community; A p p r o x i m a t e l y 5 . 6 0 % o f the total net proceeds or HK$44,020,000 has been used for improving the customer s e r v i c e q u a l i t y b y u s i n g advanced technology and building a smart community, while the remainder will be used for the intended purposes; A p p r o x i m a t e l y 1 0 % o f the total net proceeds or HK$78,674,417 will be used for further developing a one- A p p r o x i m a t e l y 0 . 9 6 % o f the total net proceeds or HK$7,550,000 has been used for further developing a one- stop service platform, while the remainder will be used for the A p p r o x i m a t e l y 1 0 % o f the total net proceeds or HK$78,674,417 will be used for working capital and general corporate purposes. Proceeds have not been used for working capital and general corporate purposes, but will be used for intended purposes. As at 30 June 2020, the Group had 8,949 employees (30 June 2019: 7,890 employees). The remunerations of the employees are commensurate with their performance, skills, knowledge, experience and the market trend. Employee benefits provided by the Group include provident fund schemes, medical insurance scheme, unemployment insurance scheme, housing provident fund and mandatory provident fund. The Group reviews the remuneration policies and packages on a regular basis and will make necessary adjustments that accommodate the pay levels in the industry. In addition to basic salaries, the employees may be offered with discretionary bonuses and cash awards based on individual performances. The Group also provides training programs for the employees with a view to constantly upgrading their skills and knowledge. 