Lenovo is sponsoring Olympic athletes from around the world who are training to compete in the 2008 Olympic Games in Beijing. Lenovo made significant progress against its goal of growing faster and more profitably than the industry during the 2007/08 fiscal year. Lenovo’s financial performance was outstanding thanks to solid execution of its key initiatives, including rolling out the transaction model in additional geographies, improving global supply chain, enhancing competitiveness in desktop computers, and building a global brand. During the fiscal year, Lenovo achieved faster than industry growth in both PC shipments and sales, with solid performance in both the China PC market and the large enterprise business outside China. It also made significant inroads into emerging markets as well as the small- and medium-sized business (SMB) and consumer markets, through the roll-out of the transaction business model outside China. For the fiscal year ended March 31, 2008, Lenovo increased its worldwide PC shipments by approximately 22 percent, healthily outpacing the industry average growth of 16 percent. In order to allow the Group to better focus on its core PC business, Lenovo completed the sale of its entire interest in its mobile handset business in March 2008. The Group recorded approximately US$65 million as a pre-tax gain on disposal. Lenovo’s continuing business (excluding mobile handset business) improved strongly in its financial performance. During the 2007/08 fiscal year, Lenovo’s sales grew 17 percent year-on-year to approximately US$16,352 million. The gross profit margin for the year improved to 15.0 percent from 13.5 percent. The Group’s profit before taxation (excluding the cost of strategic restructuring actions) for its continuing operations surged 237 percent to approximately US$560 million with pre-tax operating margin improved to 3.3 percent from 1.2 percent in the previous year. Including the net profit of US$20 million from discontinued operations, the Group’s profit attributable to shareholders increased significantly by 201 percent year- on-year to US$484 million this year. Performance of Geographies Lenovo’s improvement in market competitiveness positioned it to take advantage of a rising PC market and deliver a solid year across all geographies. All of the Group’s geographies posted double-digit PC shipment increases and were profitable for the year. During the year ended March 31, 2008, Lenovo gained 0.4 percentage points in market share, accounting for approximately 7.6 percent of the overall market, making it the number four company in the worldwide PC market. Greater China: Lenovo Greater China continued to be the largest contributor to the Group’s overall sales, accounting for approximately 37 percent in the 2007/08 fiscal year. The PC market in China enjoyed another year of robust growth on the back of continuous strong economic growth in the country, which increased disposable income, as well as increased rates of notebook adoption. Building on the market traction of its well-established dual business model in China, the success of Olympic marketing, and continuous improvement in market coverage, the Group recorded approximately 27 percent growth in PC unit shipments during the fiscal year. Lenovo increased its share of the China market to 28 percent, leading the world’s second largest PC market for 11 consecutive years. IdeaCentre Mini Q Lenovo’s continuous efforts to enhance coverage of SMB and consumer segments enabled it to further expand its lead in China. During the 2007/08 fiscal year, Lenovo further expanded its retail channel coverage and developed its network of local retail stores to cover over 2,000 cities. The Group also boosted its notebook sales by growing the number of notebook category stores and focusing on the SMB market. During the 2007/08 fiscal year, Lenovo also enhanced its position in the large enterprise segment to complement its established strengths in the public sector. Through better use of its business management system for relationship business, the Group improved customer account development and was able to expand its share of the large enterprise segment, in particular the insurance and banking sector. Americas: During the 2007/08 fiscal year, Lenovo delivered solid performance improvement in the Americas, which accounted for approximately 28 percent of overall sales. PC shipments increased 13 percent year-on-year, in line with the market. Lenovo’s sales in the Americas grew 9 percent driven by strong growth in the transaction business and in Latin America. With the higher growth in sales and improved operational efficiencies, the geography improved its profitability during the 2007/08 fiscal year, contributing to the Group’s profitable growth. Despite weak market demand in the large enterprise segment, along with aggressive competition during the year, Lenovo was able to improve its market position thanks to the well-established leadership of Think brand products as well as strengthened sales resources and execution. The Group’s increased efforts in mid-market business development activities also delivered good results in both unit shipments and profitability. In its second year of implementing the transaction model in the Americas, Lenovo achieved profitable growth with strong unit shipment. This was attributable to the Group’s IdeaPad Y710 success in building up a mixed channel structure, including channel partners, retail and Teleweb. The creation of Club Lenovo, a new loyalty rewards program for SMB resellers in the United States and Canada, further demonstrated the Group’s commitment to the SMB market and resulted in significant progress in penetrating the segment in North America. Europe, Middle East and Africa (EMEA): During the 2007/08 fiscal year, Lenovo delivered strong growth and profits in the Europe, Middle East and Africa (EMEA), benefiting from the robust PC market and the Group’s strong performance in the commercial segment of the market. EMEA expanded the roll-out of the transaction model, launched mid-market and consumer businesses, all while maintaining steady progress in large enterprise business. Lenovo gained market share in EMEA by posting 23 percent increase in PC shipments for the fiscal year. EMEA accounted for 22 percent of the Group’s overall sales with a 18 percent year-on-year increase. The growth in EMEA was attributable to improved sales to large enterprises and growth in the mid-market segment through a strengthening of the Group’s sales resources. Lenovo increased its new account acquisition rate and options and service attach rates, delivering improved customer satisfaction and profitability. During the year, the continuous success in the deployment and expanded roll-out of the transaction business model in more countries drove significant growth in PC shipments for the geography. Lenovo capitalized market potential by further penetrating emerging markets in Eastern Europe and expanding its partner network. In the last quarter of the fiscal year, the Group launched consumer PCs in France and South Africa to better address market demand. Asia Pacific (excluding Greater China): The PC market in Asia Pacific (excluding Greater China) continued its strong growth, mainly driven by India, Australia, New Zealand and the ASEAN countries. Lenovo’s PC shipments in this geography increased 18 percent year-on-year, outpacing the market growth of 12 percent in Asia Pacific (excluding Greater China). Sales increased 15 percent, accounting for 13 percent of the Group’s overall sales during the 2007/08 fiscal year. Lenovo progressed steadily in its relationship business in the geography by enhancing sales force coverage of the large enterprise and mid-market segments. The changes that Lenovo introduced in its Japan operation also have started to pay off, leading to improvement in both shipments and profitability in the country during the 2007/08 fiscal year. The Group continued to see strong momentum of its transaction business in Asia Pacific (excluding Greater China). Lenovo boosted unit shipment by expanding retail store networks and strengthening its product lineup for both the SMB and consumer segments. The launch of IdeaPad and IdeaCentre products in early 2008 added further excitement and completed the full-range of offerings in India, Australia, New Zealand and the ASEAN countries. in this fast growing geography during the 2007/08 fiscal year in order to capture even more growth. Lenovo outpaced the market growth in India and gained further share with shipments increasing approximately 28 percent year-on- year through its successful penetration into both commercial and consumer segments. Lenovo leads the PC industry in product innovation. The 2007/08 fiscal year was a fruitful year for its product groups, which launched a number of award-winning products for both commercial and consumer segments. The Group continued to leverage its innovation leadership, which in turn drove Lenovo market share gain in both worldwide notebook and desktop markets for the fiscal year. Notebook Computers: The increased adoption of notebook computers worldwide continues to be the primary driving force behind the growth of the worldwide PC market and Lenovo is uniquely positioned to capitalize on this trend. During the 2007/08 fiscal year, notebook computers accounted for 58 percent of the Group’s total sales. Expanding the portfolio of Lenovo and ThinkPad notebooks and further leveraging its Lenovo 3000 series to better address the SMB segment has resulted in Lenovo increasing its worldwide shipment of notebook computers by approximately 36 percent during the 2007/08 fiscal year. This growth has resulted in a higher market share of 7.8 percent during the same period. The launch of the ThinkPad X300 notebook in early 2008 marked a major milestone for Lenovo and was one of the most celebrated new products in the market. Designed for today’s most demanding road warriors, ThinkPad X300 is the thinnest and lightest full-function notebook in its class, measuring less than three-fourths of an inch at its thinnest point and weighing as little as 2.9 pounds. It also combines a number of leading technologies, such as solid-state drive storage, LED backlit display, ultra-long battery life, enhanced wireless connectivity, and features environmentally-conscious technologies, such as low- voltage processors. The ThinkPad X300 is also Lenovo’s first notebook to be certified EPEAT Gold. In its first month of launch, ThinkPad X300 swept about 20 product awards from leading publications. ThinkPad X300 is the thinnest and lightest full-function notebook in its class, measuring less than three-fourths of an inch at its thinnest point and weighing as little as 2.9 pounds. Intel® Centrino® Pro processor technology, combine cutting-edge and easy-to-use technologies such as facial recognition, Dolby® Home Theatre surround sound and dedicated gaming controls. They also make a bold design statement with frameless screens, touch-sensitive control surfaces and unique textures. The 11-inch IdeaPad U110 won three “Best of Show” awards and earned very positive product reviews. Desktop Computers: Desktop computers accounted for approximately 41 percent of Lenovo’s total sales during the 2007/08 fiscal year. By consolidating desktop product platforms to reduce complexity and strengthen cost efficiency, Lenovo’s desktop business realized significantly improved competitiveness and profitability in the worldwide market. The Group’s desktop computer shipments increased 13 percent year-on-year while the overall market grew by just 4 percent. Lenovo increased its share of the worldwide desktop computer market to 7.7 percent and continued to command the number one position in China with 27 percent share for the year ended March 31, 2008. The better performance during the 2007/08 fiscal year was attributable to Lenovo’s continuous efforts to drive operational efficiencies and roll out competitive desktop computer products. Lenovo streamlined its product launch process and simplified its product line to further reduce operational complexity. With these efforts, Lenovo was able to further reduce the number of machine models which, in turn, helped reduce cost and enhance serviceability, leading to greater customer satisfaction. Lenovo continues to lead China’s notebook market and accounted for approximately 31 percent of the market with its tailored features for various customer segments. During the 2007/08 fiscal year, the Group further capitalized on its position as an Olympic worldwide sponsor by launching Tianyi F21, the “Cloud of Promise”-themed, and Tianyi F41 “Snow Mountain” series notebook computers. Like the “Cloud of Promise” Olympic Torch on which the design is based, Tianyi F21 notebooks are characterized by striking swirls of regal red against a pure silver base color, a contrast representative of the traditional Chinese values of balance and harmony. During the fiscal year, ThinkPad continued to demonstrate leadership in the notebook category through a number of highly successful product launches. Lenovo introduced its strongest, coolest and quietest ever ThinkPad lineup, based on Intel® Centrino® Pro processor platform, with great success. Selected models are equipped with ThinkPad’s exclusive Top Cover Roll Cage for excellent durability, improved cooling systems, enhanced wireless connectivity with Ultra Connect II and longer battery life through the Battery Stretch control option. The ThinkPad T61 proved to be the best-selling model and won more than 40 accolades from the most respected publications in the world during the year. At the Consumer Electronics Show 2008, Lenovo’s new consumer notebook line made its debut with remarkable results. The IdeaPad Y510, Y710 and U110, powered by ThinkCentre 61e Lenovo’s desktop computers continued to show strengths in both commercial and consumer segments by accurately addressing customer needs. In view of the increasing demand for smaller, quieter and more environmentally responsible desktop computers, Lenovo launched the ultra-small ThinkCentre A61e which uses approximately half the power of a conventional desktop. ThinkCentre A61e is Lenovo’s first EPEAT Gold-rated desktop computer, incorporating up to 90 percent reusable or recyclable materials, as well as 90 percent recyclable packaging, and it can be powered by an optional solar panel. To better address the specific needs of various corporate customers, Lenovo introduced in early 2008 ThinkCentre M57e, a high-performance and high-value desktop PC for large businesses, and ThinkCentre A57, a rock-solid desktop designed for the SMB market. During the fiscal year, the Group also launched two space-saving, secure, manageable and environmentally responsible desktops, the ThinkCentre M57p and M57 Eco Ultra Small Form Factor. Additionally, ThinkCentre M55e was awarded the “Best Desktop of 2007” by PC Magazine. Lenovo made its official global consumer market entry with the launch of the IdeaCentre desktop line in early 2008. The IdeaCentre K200/210, Q200 and Q800 include cutting-edge features such as system recovery with one key, facial recognition and antibacterial keyboards. In China, Lenovo strengthened its desktop offerings during the fiscal year to better serve its various customer segments. It launched Kaitian X-series to address the needs of vertical markets for an ultra small form factor desktop and focused on the Yangtian series for SMB customers. The Group refreshed its product lineup for the consumer market in China with Tianjiao i ultra small form factor desktop for the high-end segment for computer gamers. The Group completed the disposal of its entire direct and indirect interest in the Greater China mobile handset operations in March 2008. Accordingly, the results of the Group’s Greater China mobile handset operations are presented as discontinued operations in the financial statements. The Group’s continuing operations (excluding mobile handset business) improved strongly in its financial performance for the year ended March 31, 2008. For the year ended March 31 us$’000 Earnings before interest, taxation, depreciation, amortization, impairment charge, gain/loss on disposal of available-for-sale financial assets and restructuring costs (EBITDAR) Earnings per share (US cents) Dividend per ordinary share (HK cents) For the year ended March 31, 2008, the Group achieved total sales of approximately US$16,352 million representing a 17.0 percent year-on-year growth driven across all geographies. Profit attributable to shareholders for the year was approximately US$464 million, representing an increase of US$336 million as compared to last year. Gross profit margin for the year was 15.0 percent up from 13.5 percent reported last year. The balance sheet position remained strong, bank deposits and cash and cash equivalents increased by US$1,128 million as compared to March 31, 2007. Basic earnings per share and diluted earnings per share were US5.29 cents and US4.86 cents, representing an increase of US3.80 cents and US3.39 cents, respectively, as compared with last year. The Group has adopted geographical segments as the primary reporting format. Geographical segments comprise the Americas, EMEA (Europe, Middle East and Africa), Asia Pacific (excluding Greater China), and Greater China. For the year ended March 31 us$’000 us$’000 Asia Pacific (excluding Greater China) Note: Segment operating profit/(loss) presented above include the impact of restructuring costs of US$47,640,000 (2007: US$11,794,000). The segment operating profit/(loss) before restructuring costs are: Americas US$105,399,000 (2007: (US$29,270,000)); Europe, Middle East and Africa US$137,406,000 (2007: US$20,633,000); Asia Pacific (excluding Greater China) US$12,387,000 (2007: US$ 5,403,000); Greater China US$427,459,000 (2007: US$297,240,000); and corporate or unallocated (US$153,228,000) (2007: (US$128,913,000)) respectively. The sale of available-for-sale financial assets during the year generated income of approximately US$20 million (2007: US$17 million). The Group performs reviews for the impairment of assets whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable. Impairment losses of approximately US$3 million (2007: US$9 million) were recognized for the year in connection with certain investments. In addition to the Olympics, the Group has been successful in leveraging its alliance with prominent international sports teams to boost its brand awareness through advertising campaigns and sponsorship activities. Selling and distribution expenses for the year ended March 31, 2008 increased by 6.8 percent as compared to last year. This is principally attributable to a US$31 million accelerated amortization for discontinued use of the IBM logo, as a result of broader brand awareness. The Group also experienced increased staff costs related to the Group’s salary increment plan, performance bonuses, and commissions. The Group also experienced an increase in administrative expenses for the year ended March 31, 2008 of 22.1 percent as compared to last year. The increase is driven by staff costs. Research and development spending for the year ended March 31, 2008 increased by 17.1 percent as compared to last year. This is a reflection of the continued investment the Group is making towards its commitment to deliver the most innovative products in the industry. The net other operating expenses for the year ended March 31, 2008 increased by US$23 million as compared to last year. This was driven by the costs associated with restructuring actions taken to streamline processes, consolidate Lenovo’s expertise across the globe, and increase global operational efficiency. Restructuring costs incurred during the year under review amounted to US$48 million (2007: US$12 million). For the year ended March 31 us$’000 Restructuring costs (net of reversal of unused provision) The Group completed the disposal of its mobile handset business on March 31, 2008, and the results from discontinued operations for the year represent a full year results of the mobile handset business. Due to intensified market competition, the mobile handset business reported total sales of approximately US$436 million representing a 28.7 percent year-on- year drop, and a loss for the year of US$38 million (2007: profit of US$33 million). Gross profit margin for the year was 16.6 percent down from 24.5 percent reported last year. The Group recorded a pre-tax gain on disposal of approximately US$65 million as a result of the divestment of the mobile handset business. The Group incurred capital expenditures of US$290 million (2007: US$243 million) during the year ended March 31, 2008, mainly for the acquisition of property, plant and equipment, completion of construction-in-progress and investments in the Group’s information technology systems. At March 31, 2008, total assets of the Group amounted to US$7,200 million (2007: US$5,451 million), which were financed by shareholders’ funds of US$1,613 million (2007: US$1,134 million), minority interests of US$174,000 (2007: US$744,000), and non-current and current liabilities of US$5,587 million (2007: US$4,317 million). At March 31, 2008, the current ratio of the Group was 1.05 (2007: 0.87). The Group had a solid financial position and continued to maintain a strong and steady cash inflow from its operating activities. At March 31, 2008, bank deposits, cash and cash equivalents totaled US$2,191 million (2007: US$1,064 million), of which 63.9 (2007: 59.1) percent was denominated in US dollars, 20.4 (2007: 20.3) percent in Renminbi, 2.2 (2007: 4.6) percent in Euros, 2.9 (2007: 3.9) percent in Japanese Yen, and 10.6 (2007: 12.1) percent in other currencies. The Group adopts a conservative policy to invest the surplus cash generated in the operations. At March 31, 2008, 72.1 (2007: 65.8) percent of cash are bank deposits, and 27.9 (2007: 34.2) percent of cash are investments in liquid money market fund of investment grade. Although the Group has consistently maintained a very liquid position, banking facilities have nevertheless been put in place for contingency purposes. At March 31, 2008, the Group had a US$400 million (2007: US$400 million) 5-Year Revolving and Term Loan Facility with syndicated banks, bearing interest at the London Interbank Offered Rate plus 0.52 percent per annum; and a US$100 million (2007: US$100 million) 5-Year Fixed Rate Loan Facility with a policy bank in the Chinese Mainland. These facilities were utilized to the extent of US$500 million (2007: US$100 million) at March 31, 2008. The Group has also arranged other short-term credit facilities. At March 31, 2008, the Group’s total available credit facilities amounted to US$2,628 million (2007: US$2,502 million), of which US$384 million (2007: US$476 million) was in trade lines, US$406 million (2007: US$291 million) in short-term and revolving money market facilities and US$1,838 million (2007: US$1,735 million) in forward foreign exchange contracts. At March 31, 2008, the amount drawn down was US$150 million (2007: US$104 million) in trade lines, US$1,127 million (2007: US$896 million) being used for the currency forward contracts and US$61 million (2007: US$18 million) in short-term bank loans. At March 31, 2008, the Group’s outstanding bank loan represented the term loan of US$500 million (2007: US$100 million) and short-term bank loans of US$61 million (2007: US$18 million). When compared with total equity of US$1,613 million (2007: US$1,134 million), the Group’s gearing ratio was 0.35 (2007: 0.10). The net cash position of the Group at March 31, 2008 is US$1,630 million (2007: US$946 million). The Group adopts a consistent hedging policy for business transactions to reduce the risk of currency fluctuation arising from daily operations. At March 31, 2008, the Group had commitments in respect of outstanding foreign exchange forward contracts amounting to US$1,127 million (2007: US$896 million). The Group’s foreign exchange forward contracts are either used to hedge a percentage of future intercompany transactions which are highly probable, or used as fair value hedges for the identified assets and liabilities. The Group issued 2,730,000 convertible preferred shares at the stated value of HK$1,000 per share and unlisted warrants to subscribe for 237,417,474 shares for an aggregated cash consideration of approximately US$350 million. The convertible preferred shares bear a fixed cumulative preferential cash dividend, payable quarterly, at the rate of 4.5 percent per annum on the issue price of each convertible preferred share. The convertible preferred shares are redeemable, in whole or in part, at a price equal to the issue price together with accrued and unpaid dividends at the option of the Company or the convertible preferred shareholders at any time after the maturity date at May 17, 2012. On November 2, 2007, 955,001 convertible preferred shares were converted into 350,459,078 voting ordinary shares. The fair value of the liability component and equity component of the convertible preferred shares, and warrants at March 31, 2008 amounted to approximately US$211 million (2007: US$318 million), US$7 million (2007: US$11 million) and US$35 million (2007: US$35 million) respectively. The warrants will expire on May 17, 2010. The Group, in the ordinary course of its business, is involved in various other claims, suits, investigations, and legal proceedings that arise from time to time. Although the Group does not expect that the outcome in any of these other legal proceedings, individually or collectively, will have a material adverse effect on its financial position or results of operations, litigation is inherently unpredictable. Therefore, the Group could incur judgments or enter into settlements of claims that could adversely affect its operating results or cash flows in a particular period. At March 31, 2008, the Group had a total of approximately 23,111 (2007: 25,100) employees, 16,791 (2007: 19,300) of whom were employed in the Chinese Mainland, 1,970 (2007: 2,000) in the U.S. and 4,350 (2007: 3,800) in other countries. The Group implements remuneration policy, bonus and long-term incentive schemes with reference to the performance of the Group and individual employees. The Group also provides benefits such as insurance, medical and retirement funds to employees to sustain competitiveness of the Group. Lenovo’s consistent focus on and solid implementation of its strategic initiatives over the past two years has dramatically improved its market and financial performance during the 2007/08 fiscal year. Lenovo has embedded these initiatives and their key performance indicators (KPIs) into the fabric of how it manages the company day-to-day. The Group continues to make significant progress achieving its goal of growing faster and more profitably than the industry by providing best-engineered PCs and an unequaled ownership experience for its customers. Over this same time frame, Lenovo and the market environment have also changed. The Group launched a number of new businesses and placed greater priority on emerging markets as areas where it can win, while the market continues to consolidate with a smaller number of key global players vying for leadership in the global PC industry. Building upon its past successes and focusing on delivering profitable growth, Lenovo is rearticulating its commitment to five strategic pillars: pursuing operational excellence, enhancing customer intimacy, winning in priority businesses, gaining scale profitably and building the brand. At the same time, Lenovo continue to build a trust- based and performance-driven culture that will enable it to drive future success under these strategic pillars. This is not a changing of the Group’s strategic priorities, but rather a refinement, that ensures their relevance as the Group and the market environment change. Many of the KPIs and initiatives that have delivered results over the past year will be maintained and subsumed under the “Pursue Operational Excellence,” “Gain Scale Profitably,” and “Build the Brand” pillars. “Enhance Customer Intimacy” and “Win in Priority Businesses” are new focus areas that build upon and reflect recent efforts while ensuring Lenovo remains focused on the future needs of its customers. Pursue operational Enhance customer Win in priority Gain scale Build the strive to grow faster and more profitably than the industry by delivering Driving operational excellence is an indispensable part of Lenovo’s profitable growth strategy. Over the past two years, the Group focused on improving efficiency in its global supply chain and realized significant improvements through relentless focus on improving various management processes and implementing efficiency enhancement projects. As a result of streamlining the global supply organization including Lenovo’s logistics network, it further improved its notebook and desktop serviceability by 10 percent and reduced end-to-end supply chain cost per box by 17 percent year-on-year in the 2007/08 fiscal year. In the 2008/09 fiscal year, Lenovo will continue its focus on key areas to create additional efficiency. First, Lenovo will complete the expansion of its global manufacturing footprint and operate its own facilities closer to its customer base in key geographic regions. Second, Lenovo will expand the reach and impact of the Lean Six Sigma application in the global supply chain and across the company. Third, Lenovo will continue to improve its logistics network, forecast accuracy, product transition process, and materials management processes to drive Lenovo toward best-in-class worldwide. Besides driving efficiency in its existing operation, Lenovo will also ensure prudent scaling of expenses as it expands. In addition, it has put in place a business management system that will help ensure its geographies and business units invest appropriately to grow the Group’s core business and drive growth in its priority businesses going forward. Monterrey, Mexico* Legnica SEZ, Poland* * Expected to be operational in FY2008/09 The 11-inch IdeaPad U110 won three “Best of Show” awards at the Consumer Electronics Show 2008 and earned very positive product reviews. Enhance Customer Intimacy Delivering unequaled customer experience is the foundation of Lenovo’s competitive differentiation. Lenovo delights customers and deepens their loyalty by striving to build the best-engineered PCs with leading design and technology that is backed by best-in-class service delivery. Delivering Best-in-Class Service: Lenovo’s consistent delivery of service and support led to a number one ranking in an industry survey conducted by Technology Business Research. The survey found that Lenovo had a competitive advantage in break fix services, the most critical aspect of the technical support experience. In China, Lenovo is also well-known for its quality services and has won eight awards from CCID Consulting for customer satisfaction in the service and support environment. To measure and improve customer satisfaction, Lenovo initiated the Lenovo Customer Support Survey in the 2007/08 fiscal year as the metric in its management system. Lenovo has also designed and implemented a set of indicators that enable it to focus on customer-specific performance and other broader areas to improve overall customer experience. It requires the efforts of every Lenovo employee to embrace customer intimacy. Making these indicators part of the balanced scorecards in each of its geographies shows the Group’s commitment to this goal. Design & technology Leadership: Today’s customers face significant challenges in managing their PCs efficiently and at the lowest possible total cost of ownership. Those challenges span a wide range of issues such as security, manageability, user training and usability. Lenovo focuses its research and development efforts on addressing these customer pain points and ensures the highest standard of product quality. Lenovo’s PC products require significantly fewer repair actions than its competitors’ products. Lenovo’s constant efforts to drive for higher quality allowed it to retain its ISO 9001 status after an extensive international audit in 2007. As Lenovo focuses on winning in the consumer market, the design of its products becomes increasingly important. Lenovo has a world-class design team that has commercialized prize-winning and praise-worthy products such as the IdeaPad U110 ultra portable PC, ThinkPad X300, and, of course, the Olympic Torch. Maintaining and augmenting its design capability is a key priority for Lenovo to ensure it maintain its competitive edge. Win in Priority Businesses In view of the market demand trends and its existing business portfolio, Lenovo has identified consumer PC, workstations and servers, and emerging markets as its three priority businesses to drive growth. The Group has laid solid foundation in each of these businesses to ensure their future success. Consumer PC: Consumer PCs accounted for over 42 percent of the worldwide PC market in the 2007/08 fiscal year. Replicating its success in China’s consumer market in other geographies is critical for Lenovo to grow its scale. During the 2007/08 fiscal year, the Group made significant progress towards this goal. Besides further expanding its leadership position in China’s consumer PC market, Lenovo also recorded good growth in its consumer business in India and the ASEAN countries with effective marketing tactics. At the same time, Lenovo was in full strength to jump start its global consumer business upon the creation of the consumer business unit. In January 2008, Lenovo announced its official entry into the global consumer market with the launch of a new line of consumer-oriented IdeaPad notebooks and IdeaCentre desktops. Lenovo offered these trend-setting products initially in multiple countries including the United States, France, Russia, South Africa, India, Australia, Hong Kong, Indonesia, Malaysia, Vietnam, Thailand, China, the Philippines and Singapore. In the 2008/09 fiscal year, Lenovo will strengthen its newly launched global consumer business by establishing strategic partnerships, extending its consumer notebook portfolio and exploring more routes to market. The Group will also accelerate the growth by rolling out the business to additional countries. Workstations & Servers: In addition to offering standard notebook and desktop products, Lenovo is expanding into the higher margin workstation and server markets globally to better fulfill market demand and pursue growth by leveraging its core PC strengths. Lenovo launched the ThinkStation line in November 2007 to deliver high performance workstation products for professional users who work in graphically and computationally-intensive environments. The Group will focus on the market opportunities in higher volume mature markets by leveraging its existing large enterprise customer relationships. ThinkStation has already won business from major global enterprises and received numerous positive industry reviews in the first few months since its launch. Lenovo will also leverage its transaction business model to target SMB opportunities in mature and emerging markets. Lenovo already has a significant mid-size server business in China and will expand the business on a global basis. In the worldwide server hardware market, x86 servers have been the fastest growing segment and made up more than 50 percent of the spending in that area. Lenovo made its initial foray into the worldwide server market by extending its strategic alliance with IBM in early 2008 to license the rights to design, manufacture and sell a select set of one-and two-socket rack and tower x86 servers. Lenovo will target SMB server opportunities as it continues to expand its overall product portfolio for its customers and business partners. Emerging Markets: Emerging markets are major growth drivers in the worldwide PC market and are expected to account for over 50 percent of the incremental growth over the next coming few years. Lenovo is uniquely positioned to capitalize on these new market opportunities with its tremendous success in China and rapid expansion in India. Lenovo’s proven business model will enable it to capture the opportunities in the emerging countries in all geographies. The roll-out of the transaction business model outside China has laid important groundwork for Lenovo to further expand in India, Russia, Middle East, Turkey, Brazil, and Mexico. It is critical for Lenovo to drive growth in its core business to gain scale and better manage profitability. Lenovo delivered solid growth in the 2007/08 fiscal year and will strive to continue success by extending its product leadership, strengthening its China market position and large enterprises business, expanding its dual business model and accelerating the growth of higher margin adjacent businesses. Extend Product Leadership: Lenovo’s ability to grow, capture share, and gain scale is all based on its competitive advantage through product innovation and its commitment to providing the best-engineered PCs. In the 2008/09 fiscal year, Lenovo will continue to extend its leadership with innovative design by focusing on the key product technology trends in PC market. At the same time, it will drive products that satisfy customers’ desires, such as smaller form factor desktop computers, and thin and light notebook computers. Leverage Our Base in China and Large Enterprise Business: Lenovo’s China PC business and worldwide large enterprise business still represent a large portion of its business and will continue to be critical in its future success, even as the Group moves ahead with new market opportunities. In the 2008/09 fiscal year, Lenovo plans to strengthen its position by focusing on the fast- growing notebook market in China and drive market demand by leveraging its unique marketing opportunity at the Olympic Games in Beijing. Following smooth transitions of global sales support and product brand name, Lenovo has taken full responsibility of its large enterprise business. It will build on its strengths in various segments such as the public sector, mid-market for growth and at the same time accelerate customer acquisition. Expand Relationship and transaction Models: Lenovo’s relationship business grew in all geographies during the 2007/08 fiscal year. A renewed focus on customer segmentation and relationship management contributed to the significant improvement in profitability. The Group will continue to implement a number of initiatives to further expand the business to drive sales productivity and enhance customer segment coverage. The focus will remain on better serving key accounts and growing share to meet the mid-market opportunity. Transaction business accounted for approximately 35 percent of Lenovo’s PC sales excluding Greater China in the 2007/08 fiscal year. Lenovo will continue to grow this business by expanding its business partner demand generation programs, accelerating development in emerging markets, strengthening execution in selected countries, and improving sales productivity and channel coverage. Accelerate Growth of High-Margin Adjacent Businesses: Besides driving growth in PC business, Lenovo will also accelerate the development of adjacent businesses, namely Lenovo Services and Software & Peripherals. Lenovo Services increased service attach rate for extended warranties by 13 percent year-on-year and grew sales by approximately 57 percent, following the building up of service sales infrastructure in each of the geographies. To accelerate the growth in the PC service market, Lenovo will continue to strengthen its sales infrastructure, expand its service portfolio to target various customer segments and offer solutions for channel partners. Lenovo also recorded higher-than-market growth in sales for its Software & Peripherals business during the 2007/08 fiscal year. By leveraging technology alliances and expanding its product portfolio, the Software & Peripherals business unit increased its sales by 19 percent year-on- year and saw strong growth, particularly in China. The Group plans to drive further growth by expanding product categories, introducing new products, exploring client virtualization technology, and developing more routes to market in various geographies. A key strategic initiative for Lenovo is building a global brand. In the 2007/08 fiscal year, Lenovo had numerous successes in its marketing and branding efforts. The Group’s sponsorships of the Olympic Games, the AT&T Williams Formula One racing team and the National Basketball Association (NBA), as well as airport and train station advertising, built brand awareness and image. Two major product announcements were also instrumental in building the Lenovo brand; the introduction of the ultra-thin ThinkPad X300 was featured on the cover of Business Week and the IdeaPad U110 won three major awards at the Las Vegas Consumer Electronics Show. As a result of these efforts, Lenovo’s brand awareness has risen 28 percent, consideration rate has gone up 15 percent and Lenovo’s image increased 13 percent over the last sixteen months. Lenovo PC Sales (excluding for the year ended March 31, 2008 Lenovo continues to leverage its sponsorship of the Olympic Games, the AT&T Williams Formula One racing team and NBA. The 2008/09 fiscal year will be eventful for Lenovo’s brand building. The Group will continue to leverage its sponsorships of the Olympic Games, the AT&T Williams Formula One racing team and NBA, launch a new integrated advertising campaign to support products of both Think and Idea brands, and invest to build our brand in emerging markets. Accelerate trust-Based and As a newly-integrated company, Lenovo has put great emphasis on creating a corporate culture that will help it attain its aspiration and accelerate growth. Based on the results of its worldwide culture audit, Lenovo has forged a new culture which captures the positive aspects of the pre- existing cultures. The senior management team is committed to the new corporate culture which has been cascaded to all levels within the Group. Lenovo understands the importance of rewarding its staff appropriately to ensure a successful execution of its strategy. Its human resources team will continue to refine appraisal, reward, recognition, development, and promotion processes to help develop a winning team and install a performance-driven culture. To win in the competitive PC marketplace, Lenovo will ensure successful implementation of its profitable growth strategy by refocusing the efforts of its performance-driven team on the five strategic pillars of its business. Lenovo is confident that its strategy will take the Group to the next level. Lenovo-designed Olympic Torch travels the world on its way to herald the arrival of the Beijing 2008 Olympic Games. The Lenovo brand was prominent at over thousands of NBA games and related events. In a wonderful world full of ideas, Lenovo’s goal is to help realize as many of them as possible. From large corporations, to small businesses, to home users, our PCs are able to meet the differing needs of everyone. The combination of better technology, better support and products with proven track records for quality and value for money makes Lenovo the first choice for a growing number of PC users. 