The Group’s core business is the provision of franchised public bus services in Hong Kong by means of its flagship subsidiary, The Kowloon Motor Bus Company (1933) Limited (“KMB”), and Long Win Bus Company Limited (“LWB”). The Group also offers non-franchised tailor-made transport services for a wide range of customers in Hong Kong and a 24-hour cross-boundary shuttle bus service serving commuters and leisure travellers between Lok Ma Chau and Huanggang through Sun Bus Holdings Limited and its subsidiaries (the “SBH Group”) and New Hong Kong Bus Company Limited (“NHKB”) respectively. Holding a 35% interest in a Shenzhen joint venture and a 31.38% interest in two Beijing joint ventures, the Group operates public bus, taxi and car rental services in Shenzhen and Beijing respectively. The Group also holds a portfolio of properties for investment and development purposes. The business review of each business operation is set out on pages 20 to 39 of this Annual Report. The prospects of the Group’s businesses are discussed in the Chairman’s Letter on pages 12 to 15 and in the Managing Director’s Message on pages 16 to 17 of this Annual Report. The Kowloon Motor Bus Company (1933) Limited and Long Win Bus Company Limited are major franchised public bus operators in Hong Kong providing safe, reliable, high quality, environment-friendly, value- for-money bus services in Kowloon, the New Territories, Hong Kong Island and Lantau Island. The Group has a portfolio of investment properties which provides steady rental income for the Group. The Group has investments in transport service operators in Shenzhen and Beijing as part of its strategy of leveraging transport-related business opportunities in China Mainland that offer a reasonable return. The Group’s non-franchised transport operations offer transport services to a wide range of customers, including business commuters, tourists, shoppers, students and residents of large residential estates, as well as providing chartered hire services and cross-boundary shuttle bus services. The Group’s businesses face a number of key risks and uncertainties, including those set out below. It should be noted that the following is a non-exhaustive list and there may be other risks and uncertainties in addition to the key risk areas outlined below. A substantial part of the Group’s revenue is generated from franchised public bus operations. As a result, changes in government transport policy and regulations, such as the Public Bus Services Ordinance (Cap 230) and the Public Bus Services Regulations (Cap 230A), may have a significant impact on the Group’s operating results and financial conditions in either the short or the long term. Proposals for a fare increase are subject to the approval of the HKSAR Government, taking into account a basket of factors, including public acceptability and affordability, which may not align with the financial conditions of the franchised bus companies. There is no guarantee that a fare increase of a sufficient magnitude will be granted in time to enable the franchised bus companies to offset rising overheads and costs. The inflexibility inherent in this arrangement may have an adverse impact on the financial condition of the Group in an inflationary environment. Fuel represents a major component of the Group’s cost structure. Volatility in fuel prices may affect the financial stability of the Group. In addition, the Group’s activities are exposed to various financial risks, including foreign currency, interest rate, credit and liquidity risks, which are discussed in the Financial Review on pages 94 to 109 of this Annual Report. The operations of the Group’s businesses may be subject to the impact of unexpected events, such as the COVID-19 pandemic, prolonged electricity outages at depots or large-scale road blockages over an extended period of time. While the Group has implemented an effective Business Continuity Plan (“BCP”) to deliver quality transport services in all circumstances, its operations may still be adversely affected by natural disasters and severe weather conditions, including floods and typhoons. The Kowloon Motor Bus Company (1933) Limited (“KMB”) KMB, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Transport International Holdings Limited, is the largest franchised bus operator in Hong Kong, serving more than 2.8 million passenger-trips each day1. A workforce of more than 12,700 employees, including some 9,000 bus captains, ensures that customers enjoy high-quality services on a fleet of around 4,000 buses operating on 417 routes. Percentage of actual number of bus departures to scheduled number of bus departures during morning peak hours (7am – 9am) in the peak Note: Operational capability was affected by social distancing measures in 2020 Average number of kilometres operated before one mechanical breakdown while passengers Percent (%) KMB has been taking the lead in implementing the use of innovative technology in our bus fleet and providing a safe, efficient and It has been a challenging year for the whole community in view of the outbreak of COVID-19 in 2020. In line with a plunge in demand, measures were carried out to ensure that resources be efficiently utilised. With the Transport Department’s approval, the bus service levels have been adjusted to meet the actual demand. As an industry leader with operational and service excellence, KMB has been providing reliable franchised bus services in Hong Kong for some eighty years. In fulfilling the company’s aim to achieve the highest operational and service standards, KMB has been ISO certified for Quality Management Systems (ISO9001) since 1999. KMB adopted the latest version of ISO9001 in 2018 and has been ISO certified for Environmental Management Systems (ISO14001) at its two largest depots since 2003. KMB has also been accredited with Occupational Health and Safety Management System (OHSAS18001:2007) certification for all its depots since 2012. To further improve occupational health and safety, KMB has migrated from OHSAS18001:2007 to ISO45001 certification for Occupational Health and Safety Management Systems for all its depots since 2019. “Mechanical Reliability” and “Operational Capability” are the key benchmarks of efficient public bus services. Mechanical reliability refers to the average number of kilometres a bus operates before it experiences one mechanical breakdown on the road with passengers on board. In 2020, the mechanical reliability of KMB’s fleet was 94,551km:1. Meanwhile, Operational capability refers to the ratio of actual to scheduled departures in the peak direction during the peak hours of 7:00 a.m. to 9:00 a.m. across the entire bus network. In 2020, we achieved an operational capability of 93.96%. The high maintenance standards KMB shows its commitment to innovation by introducing a bus fleet equipped with technological advances and environment-friendly features for a more desirable passenger experience. In 2020, KMB entered a new era of eco-friendly bus fleets as all its new licensed buses met Euro VI emission standards. During the year, 221 double-deck buses were licensed. The buses feature a light-directing glass window alongside the staircase connecting the two decks in place of the traditional sealed design, which creates a brighter ambience in the interior and enhances safety for passengers walking up and down. Meanwhile, new buses are also equipped with safety facilities including the Advanced Driver Assistance System, the Electronic Stability Programme and the Drowsiness Monitoring System, and all seats come with seat belts and grab handles, to ensure bus captains’ and passengers’ safety. Among the new buses, 192 of them are with four ventilation windows, two on each deck. Passengers can open the windows to let fresh air into the compartment. Passengers can open the ventilation windows to let fresh air into the Number of New Buses Percentage of Actual Number of Buses Operated on the Road to Licensed Bus Fleet – Total Fleet Capacity at 31 December 2020 Note: Operational capability was affected by social distancing measures in 2020 Total number As at 1 January 2020 As at 31 December 2020 KMB continues to invest in the latest eco-friendly buses. In 2009, it became the first public bus company in Asia to introduce the Euro V double-deck buses. In 2017, it again led the industry by introducing the first diesel-powered double-deck bus with Euro VI emission standards in Hong Kong. Euro III and earlier model buses will have been completely phased out within the next five years. In 2020, 221 Euro VI super-low floor double-deck buses were added to the KMB fleet. As at 31 December 2020, KMB operated a total of 4,009 licensed buses, comprising 3,866 double-deck buses and 143 single-deck buses. The fleet currently features three hybrid double-deck buses, ten electric single-deck buses and eight supercapacitor single-deck buses. In addition to that, 301 double-deck Euro VI buses and eight electric single-deck buses are due to be delivered in 2021. At the end of 2020, KMB operated a total of 417 bus routes. In a changing operating environment marked by railway commissioning, demographic changes and new highways, KMB reviews and rearranges its resources to cater for the changing demand. KMB strives to operate an efficient, competitive and sustainable bus network while seeking opportunities for new market growth. In 2020, we implemented 47 route reorganisation proposals, which enhance the whole service network and bring the following benefits to the public: Eliminating wasteful duplication of routes; Allowing resources to be released for redeployment in high demand areas; Straightening routes that are unduly circuitous; Offering greater connectivity between routes by using Bus-Bus Interchanges (“BBI”). In view of demographic changes, urban development and passenger needs, KMB introduced new routes to expand the ridership. To tie in with the completion of a residential area in Pak Shek Kok, KMB further strengthened the services of the district by introducing new peak service, Route 82D. The route takes the expressway directly to Tai Wai Station, and benefits the passengers to interchange to and from the urban areas. Meanwhile, KMB also enhanced the services of key population intake areas such as Pak Shek Kok and So Kwun Wat to meet the needs of residents in the district. All newly purchased KMB buses with a number of new safety features enhance KMB strengthens the services in Pak Shek Kok by introducing Route 82D, which takes the expressway directly KMB provides affordable and convenient journeys for passengers, including the Monthly Pass Scheme and the first Regional Two-way Sectional In response to the population intake of Fo Tan Chun Yeung Estate, KMB launched new Routes 285 and 285A serving Sha Tin Central and Fo Tan Station, facilitating passenger travel within the district. Extension of Route 48P to the newly opened estate is enhanced in order to provide express bus service for passengers in the morning and evening peaks. To continually improve services and strengthen the transport network, KMB introduced different express services. For example, more special morning departures connecting Tai Po and Hong Kong Island (including Routes 907B and 907C) have been introduced to provide speedier alternatives for passengers. Riding on the success of various bus-bus interchange hubs such as Tuen Mun Road Interchange or Tai Lam Tunnel Interchange, Tseung Kwan O Tunnel Interchange (Tseung Kwan O-bound) has been introduced since 2 October 2020, as KMB runs a total of nine routes via the interchange. In particular, KMB introduced LOHAS Park Express Service Route 98, providing more convenient feeder bus service for LOHAS Park residents and those who work at Tseung Kwan O Industrial Estate. Passengers of Route 98 can enjoy bus-bus interchange discount with 65 routes in KMB network by interchanging at Tseung Kwan O Tunnel Interchange and Kwun Tong Road Interchange. Special wayfinding signages have also been set up in these interchanges to assist the passengers. KMB launched the first Regional Two-way Sectional Fare Scheme in Hong Kong on 8 August 2020. The scheme includes 17 routes serving Northwest New Territories, with such passengers could save HK$14.10 at most for each journey. In the past, only individual routes allowed passengers to tap the Octopus cards in the compartment before getting off the bus, so as to implement two-way sectional fare. KMB has overcome physical constraints by installing card readers at the bus stops with electricity supply, making it possible for regional two-way sectional fare. This not only provides passengers with choices and comfortable bus service, but also eases the burden of public transport. A green icon is installed, allowing passengers to recognise the card reader’s location under the Regional Two-way Sectional Fare KMB Monthly Pass Scheme has been well-received since its launch. Passengers may also buy it through App1933 KMB continues to enhance its service by providing affordable and convenient journeys for passengers. KMB launched the Monthly Pass Scheme, whereby passengers can take ten rides per day on KMB buses for HK$780 (and two additional trips on Route B1). The Pass covers over 400 KMB routes, including regular routes, overnight routes and racecourse routes. Jointly operated cross-harbour bus routes operated by KMB are also included in the Scheme. The KMB Monthly Pass Scheme has been well-received since its launch. Other than purchasing from the kiosks set up at various bus termini, passengers may also buy the Pass through “App1933” (compatible with iOS since January 2020). Various promotion campaigns have been introduced throughout the year. A 4-week lucky draw promotion campaign was introduced on KMB Cross-harbour Routes in summer 2020. In the end, a total of 4,000 KMB Octopus cards with KMB Monthly Passes embedded were offered to the winners. To reward our loyal customers, the company offered gifts rewards to the pass holders since March 2020. The gifts include KMB limited Octopus Card, KMB face masks and bus tickets of LWB A-Routes and KMB Route B1. KMB and LWB introduced the new rewards scheme “KMB x LWB FUN Redemption Scheme” starting from 1 October 2020. In order to join the scheme, passengers are required to register via App1933 and travel on our services to earn points. Passengers can redeem gifts using the points accumulated at 12 designated locations in Kowloon and the New Territories. KMB introduces a 4-week lucky draw on Cross-harbour Routes and offers 4,000 Octopus cards with KMB Monthly Passes to the Areas served/ Main purpose Gross floor area (square feet) Number of buses served as at 31 December Year in which operations KMB depots: The depot land was acquired at market price from the Government in 1986 under a North and East The depot land was acquired at public auction in 1984 South and The depot land has been leased from the Government on a short term tenancy# West New The depot land was acquired at public auction in 1974 The depot land was acquired at market price from the Government in 1979 under a LWB depot: The depot land has been leased from the Government on a short term tenancy# # Under the short term tenancy agreements, rentals are payable to the HKSAR Government at market rates. Routine maintenance and repair services are provided in KMB’s four major bus depots at Kowloon Bay, Sha Tin, Lai Chi Kok and Tuen Mun. In addition, there are also eleven smaller depots that supply minor maintenance services and parking. The KMB Overhaul Centre in Tuen Mun supports major overhaul services. Depot facilities are continually upgraded to ensure consistent service quality and a high level of productivity. Since the launch in September 2016, the new version of the KMB and LWB mobile app, App1933, has been well received by the public. Passengers may check information about bus routes and estimated time of arrivals at their fingertips. In 2020, App1933 upgraded the Bus Estimated Time of Arrival (“ETA”) service by integrating the ETA of other franchised bus operators to make bus journey planning more comprehensive and easier for passengers. In spite of receiving nearby route information at the bus stops through Bluetooth Beacon signal, App1933 has enhanced an intrinsic location-based function to provide relevant traffic conditions, weather information and bus route suggestions based on passenger’s current location through the new “myFavourite” feature. The use of information technology can benefit passengers by providing bus arrival information via Estimated Time of Arrival (“ETA”) display panels at bus termini and bus stops, as well as on App1933 and the KMB and LWB websites. In addition, information technology enables KMB to manage and monitor its intricate operations with ease. These applications include the Integrated Bus Service Information Display System (IBSID), the Electronic Bus Stop Announcement System (BSAS), the Terminus Management System (TER), the Traffic Operations Management System (TOM), the Bus On-board Monitoring System (BOM) and the Operations Communications Management System (OCM). App1933 has been upgraded with more new features, including real-time traffic conditions, weather information, Hong Kong Franchised Public Bus Long Win Bus Company Limited (“LWB”) LWB has been operating franchised public bus services to and from the New Territories, Hong Kong International Airport and North Lantau since 1 June 1997. LWB’s network currently covers the Airport, Tung Chung, the Hong Kong Port of the Hong Kong-Zhuhai- Macao Bridge, Hong Kong Disneyland, the Ngong Ping 360 cable car and AsiaWorld-Expo. As LWB largely relies on tourists and related industries’ transport demand, the COVID-19 pandemic has an additional impact on ridership than other franchised bus operators in the urban area. LWB has liaised with the Transport Department to reduce its service levels to meet the actual demand. At the end of 2020, LWB operated 38 routes. Despite the decline in passenger demand in 2020 under the anti-epidemic measures, LWB continued to strengthen the bus network coverage riding on the commissioning for the new infrastructure and new residential development in North Lantau. In conjunction with the commissioning of Tuen Mun-Chek Lap Kok Tunnel (“TMCLKT”), LWB introduced new Route A34 and rationalised five existing routes travelling between Tuen Mun and the Airport through the new tunnel. The revamped services also enlarged the catchment within Tung Chung and Tuen Mun District. In addition, new interchange hub at the TMCLKT Interchange was set up to provide a more comprehensive network. Passengers could enjoy the benefits by shortening the journey time significantly and reducing the travel expenses with the fare reduction for the routes concerned. To enhance Tung Chung and the Airport’s connectivity, LWB introduced a new Route S65 plying between Mun Tung Estate and the Passenger Terminal. This serves as a new option with shorter journey time for the Airport commuters living at the new residential area in Tung Chung West. New Octopus Bus-Bus Interchange (“BBI”) Schemes between three LWB routes and fifteen KMB routes with the maximum discount at HK$5.0 in the second leg was launched. Passenger can travel between Tung Chung and the urban area in Kowloon and Hong Kong Island by interchanging at Tsuen Wan or Kwai Chung to enjoy a competitive fare for the whole journey. With the commissioning of Tuen Mun-Chek Lap Kok Tunnel, LWB enlarges the catchment within Tung To provide convenience for passengers, especially those overseas passengers with no access to local currency or Octopus Card upon arrival at the Airport, LWB introduced new fare collection means in March 2020 and extended to cover all LWB routes in May 2020. The new e-payment system accepts contactless payment including Mastercard, UnionPay and Visa; QR code payment like AlipayHK, Alipay, UnionPay, and mobile payment such as Apple Pay, Google Pay and Samsung Pay. In addition to collecting single trip fare, the new system also supports Bus-Bus Interchange concessions between LWB routes. The new payment method is well received by passengers, making LWB the first franchised bus company in Hong Kong to provide diversified e-payment services. LWB constantly reviews its bus services and maintenance regime to ensure that safety and efficiency should be maintained at the highest level across its bus fleet. LWB measures its operational performance by reference to two key performance indicators: mechanical reliability and operational capability. Mechanical reliability is the average number of kilometres a bus operates before it experiences a mechanical breakdown on the road with passengers on board. Operational capability is the ratio of actual to scheduled departures in the peak direction in the peak hours of 7:00 a.m. to 9:00 a.m. across the whole bus network. In 2020, LWB achieved 116,421 km:1 in mechanical reliability and 99.60% in operational capability. LWB obtained ISO9001:2008 Quality Management Systems certification in November 2012. LWB has adopted the latest version of ISO9001 since August 2018. Owing to the drop in demand, LWB did not introduce any new buses in 2020, and transferred 38 buses to other operators. As at 31 December 2020, LWB operated 237 double-deck buses, and four electric single deck buses, all wheelchair accessible and equipped with the On-board Electronic Bus Stop Announcement System. To meet passenger demand, 61 buses are 12.8 metres in length, offering a higher carrying capacity. The depot at Siu Ho Wan provides daily bus maintenance, refuelling, bus washing and parking for the LWB fleet. The depot is equipped with a waste water treatment system to ensure that waste water quality should comply with the statutory requirements before discharging into the public drainage system. Average number of kilometres operated before one mechanical breakdown while passengers Percentage of actual number of bus departures to scheduled number of bus departures during morning peak hours (7am – 9am) in the peak Note: Operational capability was affected by social distance measures in 2020. Percent (%) Double-deck Electric Total number As at 1 January 2020 As at 31 December 2020 LWB always provides convenient and innovative service for passengers. We have launched the first diversified e-payment system in Regular and thorough inspections of LWB’s buses are undertaken to make sure that they should be maintained at the highest standards. Driving instructors monitor bus captains’ driving performance and customer service delivery, while safety briefings are held from time to time and safety reminders circulated to bus captains. To enhance driving safety, there are Drowsiness Monitoring System and Advanced Driver Assistance System installed on LWB buses, both of which give early warning to bus captains and assist with their driving performance. In addition, the LWB customer service and airbus ticket offices at Hong Kong International Airport’s Ground Transportation Centre and the Hong Kong Port of the Hong Kong-Zhuhai-Macao Bridge offer e-payment methods to provide more choices for passengers and tourists. LWB is fully aware of the importance of environmental protection, as it continues to invest in eco- friendly buses to meet the stringent emission standards of the European Council of Environmental Ministers. With the transfer of 38 buses away, the proportion of Euro V or electric buses in its fleet is currently over 85%. In addition, it has retrofitted Diesel Particulate Filters on all its Euro III buses to reduce the emission of particulates. The electrostatic air filtration function in the air-conditioning system of LWB buses significantly improves the air quality in the bus compartment. The Eco-driveline system reduces both fuel consumption and exhaust emissions. Professional bus repair and maintenance services minimise Hong Kong Non-franchised Sun Bus Holdings Limited and its Subsidiaries (the “SBH Group”) As a leading non-franchised bus operator in Hong Kong, the SBH Group provides premium, safe, reliable and economical transport services to different customers. Led by its flagship subsidiary, Sun Bus Limited (“Sun Bus”), the SBH Group offers a range of bus services designed for specific market segments, including large residential estates, shopping malls, corporations, travel agents and schools, as well as catering for the general public through chartered hire services. During the year, the outbreak of COVID-19 cast a significant impact on the transport industry. The suspension of schools, the work-from-home arrangements adopted by government departments and private companies, and the contraction in tourism have led to a dramatic decrease in ridership. SBH Group has taken a series of measures to strengthen the epidemic prevention, and demonstrated high flexibility to fulfil customers’ expectation through value-added services, tailoring its service to exceed customers’ expectation. To maintain social distance, we have upgraded vehicle size and designed a flexible timetable to fit in a work-from-home arrangements. At the end of 2020, the SBH Group had a fleet of 390 buses and continued its fleet upgrade programme by introducing eco-friendly buses and a wider application of technology. In 2021, five Euro VI super-low-floor double-deck buses will be deployed to keep the fleet’s average age below six years. These new buses will be equipped with detective safety technology, driver monitoring system, and seat belts on all seats to enhance safety performance. The SBH Group is committed to continuously strengthening all aspects of its management and operations, as well as to building a reputable brand with customers. Sun Bus has upgraded vehicle size and designed a flexible timetable to fit in a work-from- Hong Kong Non-franchised New Hong Kong Bus Company Limited (“NHKB”) NHKB jointly operates with its Shenzhen counterpart a direct, value-for-money, 24- hour cross-boundary shuttle bus service known as the “Huang Bus”, catering to regular commuters and those travelling for leisure between Lok Ma Chau, Hong Kong and Huanggang, Shenzhen. In response to the COVID-19 pandemic, the HKSAR Government has taken measures to reduce people flow and social contacts. The Lok Ma Chau Port has been closed since 4 February 2020. As such, this year saw a decline in the demand for cross-boundary bus service, with patronage plummeting from 3.44 million passenger-trips in 2019 to 0.4 million passenger-trips in 2020. Notwithstanding the temporary decline in patronage, the demand for cross-boundary bus service is expected to grow in line with the more substantial social and economic ties between Hong Kong and China Mainland, as the demand for cross-boundary bus service remains strong. NHKB will continue to undertake regular and thorough checks and maintenance to maintain its operational and safety performance at the highest standards. Once the border reopens, NHKB’s fleet of 15 air-conditioned super-low floor single-deck buses will resume its 24-hour shuttle bus service to maintain itself as the preferred means of transport for cross-boundary travellers seeking convenience and quality service. NHKB continues to undertake regular and thorough checks and maintenance to maintain its operational and safety performance at the NHKB takes the strain out of China Mainland Transport The Group has investments in transport service operators in Shenzhen and Beijing as part of its strategy of leveraging transport-related business opportunities in China Mainland that offer a reasonable return. SZBG is a Sino-foreign joint stock company formed by KMB (Shenzhen) Transport Investment Limited ( ), a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Group, and four Mainland investors. The Group has a 35% interest in SZBG. SZBG has been operating public bus and taxi services in Shenzhen since 2005. SZBG has a fleet of over 5,900 buses, operating on more than 300 routes and more than 5,000 taxis. Owing to the outbreak of COVID-19 in early 2020, the number of patronage of SZBG including its bus and taxi operation decreased by 31.7% to 487.0 million in 2020 as compared to 713.3 million in 2019. A gradual improvement has been seen in the number of patronage since July 2020 as the COVID-19 pandemic has been successfully contained. As one of the largest electric vehicle operators in China holding ISO9001:2008 certification for the provision of bus transport services in Shenzhen, SZBG is dedicated to upgrading its services and maintaining its business edge. KMB (Beijing) Taxi Investment Limited ( ), a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Group, holds an equity interest of 31.38% in BBKT – the first Sino-foreign joint stock company to enter China Mainland’s taxi hire and car rental sector when it was established in 2003. BBKT operated both taxi hire and car rental businesses until April 2013, in order to sharpen its focus on the business opportunities provided by the booming but challenging car rental market, it spun off its car rental business to another Sino-foreign joint stock company, namely Beijing Bezique First Company Limited ( ). With a fleet of more than 3,700 taxis, BBKT continues to put service quality first as it explores sustainable new business opportunities. Owing to the outbreak of COVID-19, the performance of BBKT dropped significantly in early 2020 but has gradually improved since the last quarter of 2020. Established in April 2013 as a Sino-foreign joint stock company with the same shareholding structure as that of BBKT, BBF operates the car rental business formerly undertaken by BBKT. BBF has more than 1,100 vehicles available for charter, mainly serving Beijing ( ) and Tianjin ( ). With ISO9001:2008 certification for quality management systems in car rental services, BBF is well placed to take advantage of the business opportunities afforded by business commuters as well as by the wide variety of events, conferences and exhibitions that are held in the capital. BBKT continues to provide Property Holdings and The Group has a portfolio of investment properties which provides steady rental income for the Group. LCK Real Estate Limited (“LCKRE”) LCKRE, a wholly-owned subsidiary of TIH, is the owner of the Group’s headquarters building in Lai Chi Kok. LCKRE owns the 17-storey commercial office building at 9 Po Lun Street, Lai Chi Kok, Kowloon, which has a total gross floor area of about 156,700 square feet. The building is situated next to Manhattan Hill. Approximately 12% of the gross floor area is used by the Group as headquarters with the remaining gross floor area leased out to offices, shops and restaurants. LCK Commercial Properties Limited (“LCKCP”) LCKCP, a wholly-owned subsidiary of TIH, is the owner of Manhattan Mid-town, the commercial complex of Manhattan Hill. LCKCP owns Manhattan Mid-town shopping mall, the two-level high-end retail podium at Manhattan Hill. The 50,000 square feet shopping mall provides Manhattan Hill residents and other shoppers with high quality retail facilities. At the end of 2020, the entire lettable area of the shopping mall was leased out, generating recurring rental income for the Group. KT Real Estate Limited (“KTRE”) KTRE, a wholly-owned subsidiary of TIH, and Turbo Result Limited (“TRL”), a wholly-owned subsidiary of Sun Hung Kai Properties Limited (“SHKP”), own Kwun Tong Inland Lot No. 240 (the “Kwun Tong Site”) at 98 How Ming Street, Kowloon, as tenants in common in equal shares. Sun Hung Kai Real Estate Agency Limited, a subsidiary of SHKP, was appointed as the project manager to oversee the development of the Kwun Tong Site. In 2016, the Kwun Tong Site was granted of lease modification from industrial to non-residential use (excluding hotel, petrol filling station and residential care home). Yee Fai Construction Company Limited, a subsidiary of SHKP, was engaged to carry out and complete the construction works for the Kwun Tong Site in February 2019. The foundation work of Kwun Tong Site was completed in 2019. The basement, superstructure and office tower construction works are underway. The occupation permit is expected to be obtained in 2022. TM Properties Investment Limited (“TMPI”) TMPI is jointly owned by TM Properties Holdings Limited (“TMPH”), an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of TIH, and Mega Odyssey Limited (“MOL”), an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of SHKP subsequent to the disposal of TMPH’s 50% equity interest in TMPI to MOL on 29 December 2020. TMPI, the owner of the property at Tuen Mun Town Lot No. 80 in the New Territories, has become a 50%-owned joint venture of TIH. TMPI owns an industrial property which is currently designated for industrial use or godown purposes or both. TMPI will apply to relevant authorities for approval for a change of use from the existing industrial use to office, shop and services uses. At the end of 2020, the entire lettable area of the property has been leased out to generate rental income for the Group. Total Gross Floor Area (square feet) Group’s Interest TIH Headquarters Building, 9 Po Lun Street, The site was acquired at market price through private purchase in 1955 Manhattan Mid-town, 1 Po Lun Street, Lai Shopping The site, acquired at market price through private purchase in 1955, was redeveloped and opened in 2009 Kwun Tong Inland Lot No. 240, 98 How Retail/Office (Note 1) The site was acquired at public auction in 1967 Tuen Mun Town Lot No.80, 1 Kin Fung Industrial/ (Note 2) The site was acquired at public auction in 1974 Notes: 1. Kwun Tong Inland Lot No.240 is under development. 2. The Group disposed 50% equity interest in TMPI, which holds the Tuen Mun Town Lot No. 80 site, in 2020. Manhattan Mid-town located in Kowloon within easy reach of Hong Kong Island and Hong Kong International Over 82% Over 16% of bus fleet at Euro V Average training hour per of the total workforce with minority and disabled This is the 2020 Sustainability Report (“this Report”) of Transport International Holdings Limited (“TIH”). This Report highlights the significant environmental and corporate social responsibility performance and sustainability achievements of the Hong Kong franchised public bus operations provided by two of TIH’s wholly-owned subsidiaries, namely The Kowloon Motor Bus Company (1933) Limited (“KMB”) and Long Win Bus Company Limited (“LWB”). Operating in Hong Kong, these two companies represent the significant business operations of TIH. This Report covers the reporting period from 1 January to 31 December 2020. There were no significant changes with regard to TIH’s size, structure, ownership or supply chain during the reporting period. In this Report, data and statistics are presented as absolute figures and are normalised into comparable terms as far as possible. Unless otherwise stated, data and statistics in this Report cover the performance of KMB and LWB during the entire reporting period. There is no specific limitation on the scope and boundary of this Report in respect of KMB and LWB’s operations. The TIH 2020 Sustainability Report was prepared in accordance with the Core Option of the Global Reporting Initiative Sustainability Reporting Standards (“GRI Standards”) and the Environmental, Social and Governance Reporting Guide (“ESG Guide”) issued by the Hong Kong Exchanges and Clearing Limited (“HKEX”) and based on the reporting principles of materiality, quantitative, consistency and balance, which are set out in the ESG Guide. In addition, we have taken into account the concerns of stakeholders as identified through engagement exercises such as the annual passenger liaison group meetings and interviews with representatives of different groups. The latest Annual Report of TIH contains more information about the Group including corporate governance and the financial performance of KMB and LWB. If you have any comments on this Report, please send an email to ccd@kmb.hk. We aim to deliver excellent public transport services in a sustainable manner and are pleased to receive a number of prestigious awards in 2020. 15 Years Plus Caring Company Logo from The Hong Kong Council of Social Service; Good Employer Charter from the Labour Department; Family-friendly Good Employer Logo from the Labour Department; The Good MPF Employee Award from the Mandatory Provident Fund Schemes Authority; Manpower Developer from the Employees Retraining Board; Mental Health Friendly Organisation from the Department of Health; Award of 10,000 Hours for Volunteer Service from the Social Welfare Department; Award of Merit from The Community Chest of Hong Kong; Social Capital Builder Logo Award from the Labour and Welfare Bureau and Community Investment and Inclusion Fund; Sport-Friendly Action Decal from the Chinese YMCA of Hong Kong; Jockey Club Age-friendly City Partner 2020 from The Hong Kong Jockey Club Charities Trust; Honour Award in the Highest Service Hour Award (Private Organisations – Best Customers Merit in the Highest Service Hour Award (Private Organisations) from the Social Welfare Department. Hong Kong Service Awards 2020 – Apps Award from East Week; Health Partnership Awards 2020 from ET Net; Gold in the Public Transport category of the 2020 Reader’s Digest Trusted Brands Awards; Top Service Awards 2020 – Public Transportation from Next Magazine; Honour Awards for Traditional Annual Reports and Written Text for the TIH 2019 Annual Report Silver Award in the Transportation & Logistics category in the Vision Awards from the League of American Communications Professionals LLC. With a commitment to conducting our businesses in line with the best corporate governance practices, we aim to achieve sustainable business development by considering the interests of our stakeholders, while ensuring compliance with legal and regulatory requirements. The Group has adopted an integrated management approach to guide the sustainable development of the Group based on the principles of integrity, equity and transparency. This integrated management approach is strengthened by on-going staff training and communication with all stakeholders. The board of directors of TIH (the “Board”), as the highest governance body, is responsible for promoting the long-term development of the Group and for growing shareholder value. The Board currently comprises nine non-executive directors, five independent non-executive directors and one executive director. The biographies of our current directors can be found on pages 136 to 142 of our 2020 Annual Report. The overall strategic planning and accountability for the Group’s sustainable development rests with our Board-level Committee, which determines the sustainability strategy and oversees its progress across the Group. Under the oversight of the Committee, we have an ESG Task Force to implement the Board’s ESG strategy and policies in driving sustainable initiatives throughout our operations, including safety, environmental protection, staff welfare, community engagement and volunteering. The Task Force members are responsible for optimising environmental performance, increasing staff awareness on corporate social responsibilities, and sharing knowledge and best practice with the industry and working with the Enterprise Risk Management Task Force of the Company to assess new and emerging ESG-related risks. The Group’s Enterprise Risk Management System uses consistent risk assessment criteria to provide a systematic approach to the timely identification and management of risks. Accurate and concise risk information is made available to assist management in decision-making and risk control by adopting risk treatments of cost-effectiveness and efficiency. Meanwhile, with the Enterprise Risk Management System, the management monitors and reviews risk levels, including climate change related risks, to ensure that risk exposure remains within an acceptable level. A Risk Key Performance Indicator Report (“Risk KPI Report”), summarising the Group’s major risks as identified by management, is submitted to the Audit and Risk Management Committee three times a year. The Risk KPI Report provides a comprehensive profile of the major risks and the mechanism established by management for monitoring these risks. For details of our corporate governance, please refer to pages 110 to 131 of our 2020 Annual Report. The Group is committed to conducting its business activities in a proper and lawful manner in compliance with the HKSAR laws. All Directors and staff of the Group are subject to a written Code of Conduct, available on the staff website, that provides guidance on matters relating to personal conduct, relations with suppliers and contractors, responsibilities to shareholders and community, relations with customers, and employment practices, as well as procedures for monitoring compliance and means of enforcement. The Code of Conduct promotes ethical values in business activities that Directors and employees are required to adhere to when discharging their delegated duties. The Code of Conduct is reviewed and updated periodically to reflect the latest regulatory changes. Our Group also reviews its employment practices on a regular basis, including strictly following the Employment Ordinance of Hong Kong to prohibit the hiring of child labour and any form of forced labour practices. We do not use forced labour in any form of child labour (persons below the local minimum age or the age below of 16). The Group has a whistleblowing policy to encourage employees and related third parties who deal with the Group to raise concerns in confidence about misconduct, malpractice, bribery, money laundering, any forms of forced, coerced or bonded labour and irregularities in any matters related to the Group. Employees and/or related third parties may make a report to the Company Secretary or the Chairman of the Board’s Audit and Risk Management Committee. Appropriate follow-up action, including disciplinary action, will be taken by the Group in respect of substantiated and partially substantiated cases. In the event of an employee committing any offence of corruption under the Prevention of Bribery Ordinance (Chapter 201, Laws of Hong Kong), we would make a report to the Hong Kong Independent Commission Against Corruption. We have not committed any offence of corruption under this Ordinance. We also invited the Hong Kong Independent Commission Against Corruption to provide training for senior executives and employees to enhance their awareness of anti-corruption. During the reporting year, we had zero concluded legal cases regarding corruption cases. We believe in upstream integrated supply chain management with an emphasis on quality and logistics control. We work closely with our business partners to develop new buses and services that are adapted to the local climatic and operational environment while taking a high level of energy efficiency and the latest emission standards into consideration. We encourage fair and open competition with the aim of developing long-term relationships with suppliers based on mutual trust. Our supply chain activities are guided by policies and procedures that are geared to ensuring the ethical procurement of supplies and services, as well as high-quality end products in which our customers can be confident. In 2020, KMB and LWB worked with 405 local and 48 non-local suppliers, of which 55 suppliers were newly added. The proportion of spending on local suppliers was 62%. To ensure compliance by suppliers with our social and environmental requirements, we require them to declare their compliance with our guidelines upon supplier registration: Environmental care; Health and safety; Anti-corruption. The criteria for the procurement and tendering of services or goods are based on price, quality, requirement and other relevant factors. Our procurement and tendering measures have been established according to the following principles: Impartial selection of capable and responsible suppliers; Fair competition; Selection of appropriate contract types according to requirement; Adoption of an effective monitoring system, management controls and practices: to ensure the declaration of conflicts of interests by staff involved in the selection. Stakeholder engagement exercises and materiality assessments provide a sound basis for us to develop our sustainability reports, as they help identify the sustainability topics that are most relevant to both our operations and the shared interests of our stakeholders. Our stakeholders include passengers, employees, suppliers, contractors, Legislative Councillors, District Councillors, transport advisory bodies, interest groups and the government. We have established several engagement programmes to gauge their views on our operations and services. Our dialogue with stakeholders is demonstrated through various channels, including the LiveChat enquiry channel on the KMB and LWB websites and App1933, the KMB Facebook page, the KMB Instagram account, the KMB YouTube channel and corporate publications such as KMB Today, as well as face-to-face meetings and media networking. In 2020, we once again engaged an external consultant to carry out a series of stakeholder engagement activities to define the scope of this Report and to identify the material economic, environmental and social topics to be reported, concerning the principles and requirements of the GRI Standards and the HKEX ESG Guide. We invited representatives from various stakeholder groups, including passengers, employees, FRIENDS OF KMB, suppliers, non-governmental organisations (e.g. social organisations and green groups) to participate in three stakeholder engagement activities involving surveys, focus group meetings and interviews. Based on the survey results and the materiality assessment conducted annually over the past few years, we have mapped the materiality of 12 issues. The most critical issues are listed at the top right quadrant of the matrix, while less important issues are found at the bottom left. Issues shown in the top right of the matrix are those we have identified as emerging in importance. The top ten issues were prioritised as material for TIH to address and report. The eleventh and twelve issues, namely energy and efficiency measures and community engagement, which have been reported in the previous years, are also included to make it consistent. The ESG Task Force further reviewed and validated the material topics to ensure a consistent and balanced representation of the Group’s significant sustainability performance and impacts. As a result, the following material topics have been prioritised for disclosure in the TIH 2020 Sustainability Report with the corresponding boundaries specified: Procurement Practices* Economic Performance* Marketing and Labelling* Internal Stakeholder Interests Level External Stakeholder Interests Level 7 Human Rights Training 8 Forced and Child Labour 4 Corporate Responsible The engagement activities provided us with the constructive comments and suggestions of our stakeholders. We appreciate their valuable feedback and will strive to address their expectations through continuous improvements. Our Responses and Relevant Suggest promoting safety with educational buses in schools or community Safety is our utmost priority, and we make great efforts to implement safety measures and promote safety awareness. (See details in Safety First) Suggest installing facilities at bus stops (e.g. seats and shelters) and on buses (e.g. baggage racks) Bus facilities and compartment designs have been upgraded to provide better accessibility and comfort for passengers. (See details in Care for Customers) Welcome the new introduction of the latest model buses which have contributed in lower air KMB continues to work with suppliers to employ the latest technologies in new bus models. (See details in Care for the Environment) Recognise the good practice of providing job opportunities for people As an equal opportunity employer, we are committed to ensuring that no employee is discriminated. (See details in Care for Employees) Suggest developing a long- term plan on voluntary activities with charitable We play an active role in a range of community activities and take various opportunities to communicate with the public. (See details in Engaging Stakeholders) Safety is our number one priority and we continue to invest heavily in improving the safety of our bus operations. KMB and LWB are committing KMB and LWB offer professional maintenance training to provide safe and The KMB and LWB Safety Policy is dedicated on a commitment made by all employees to provide a safe and healthy environment for everyone who may be affected by our work activities. It is our objective to minimise the risk of injury and ill-health. Safety is an absolute pre-requisite in everything we do and is an integral part of our business strategy. Employees at all levels are required to comply with all legal requirements and other requirements applicable to our work activities. We consult our employees by engaging them in our safety management system. We shall continue to maintain our safety risks at as low a level as reasonably practicable and strive for continual improvement in safety performance. Safety Committees are responsible for ensuring that information about Occupational Safety and Health risks, trends and policies are adequately communicated up and down the chain of command. Meetings of the Working Committee for Safety are held to discuss safety issues at the corporate level. Meetings of Departmental Safety Committees, Maintenance Safety Committees and Operations Safety Committees are held at the local level to discuss safety issues relating to departments and sections. Departmental Safety Committees may vary the frequency of their meetings in accordance with the scale of their local safety risks. We are dedicated to committing occupational health and safety and fully comply with the Occupational Safety and Health Ordinance and the Factories and Industrial Undertakings Ordinance (Chapter 509 and 59, Laws of Hong Kong). KMB adopts ISO45001:2018 Occupational Health and Safety Management System to promote further improvement of safety performance in all aspects of our business, including bus maintenance and design upgrades. The key benchmarks of our operational performance are mechanical reliability and operational capability. Mechanical reliability refers to the average number of kilometres a bus operates before it experiences one mechanical breakdown on the road with passengers on board. In 2020, the mechanical reliability of KMB’s bus fleet was 94,551 km: 1, while LWB’s bus fleet was 116,421 km: 1. Operational capability refers to the ratio of actual to scheduled departures during the peak hours of 7:00 a.m. to 9:00 a.m. across the bus network. In 2020, KMB and LWB attained an operational capability of 93.96% and 99.60% respectively. KMB and LWB are ISO9001 certified for their Quality Management Systems. Both companies have been accredited with the latest version of ISO9001, reflecting our commitment to achieving up-to-date operational and service standards. Risk assessments are critically conducted by managerial staff together with the relevant workers before the commencement of work. Both the working environment and staff working behaviour are checked during safety inspections and safety audits to ensure compliance with the legal requirements, the in-house safety rules and the best practices of the industry. We adopt the Plan- Do-Check-Act cycle to ensure continual improvement. A number of technological devices, including speed limiting devices and the telematics system, have been incorporated on buses to improve safety and record operational data. All KMB and LWB buses undergo an ISO-certified maintenance regime, comprising daily and monthly servicing, a semi-annual minor dock and an annual road-worthiness inspection, as well as random checks by the Transport Department of the HKSAR Government. The GreenRoad system provides instant feedback to bus captains through an online platform to (as at 31 December 2020) The number and the percentage of staff and workers covered by our occupational health and safety management system (OHSMS) Covered by OHSMS and has been audited or certifed by an external (89.6%) (86.3%) More tree guards will be installed to protect the bus windscreen and body from KMB and LWB have become the first franchised bus companies to introduce the GreenRoad system in Hong Kong. The system will detect up to 150 bus driving dynamics and provide real-time feedback and suggestions with ratings to the driver. When the risk is lower, the value is lower, which means the driver’s driving behaviour is safer. The platform will also display the ranking of the driver’s safety driving performance for the captain’s future reference. Electrical rear-views mirrors have been attached on 2,573 buses to enable rear-view mirror adjustment and ensure driving safety. The bus captain can now use the button on the panel to easily adjust the rear-view mirrors, minimising the risks of incorrect posture or excessive force when adjusting the mirrors manually because of the bus height. Trees growing close to the road may be a hazard to vehicles and passengers. The use of tree guards can protect the bus windscreen and body from damage caused by branches and twigs. The tree guard design has been upgraded to have vertical bars on both sides and a crossbar to strengthen protection. KMB has taken the lead to install tree guards for the safety of 336 ADL Enviro 400 buses and Enviro 500 buses which mainly serve rural routes. More tree guards will be installed in phases. Drowsiness Monitoring System (“DMS”) The DMS is installed on all LWB buses to monitor the status of bus captains when they are driving. This device, which is mounted on the dashboard, uses image-processing and advanced facial recognition technology to detect the level of alertness of a driver. Early audio and vibration warnings will be activated when “fatigue” or “micro-sleep” is detected. Advanced Driver Assistance System (“ADAS”) The ADAS is installed on all LWB buses to monitor the road condition in front of a moving bus. The device is installed on the lower saloon windscreen and uses image-processing technology to detect the presence of different objects on the road and the corresponding distance. Early audio and vibration warnings will be activated when “unsafe” conditions are detected. The professional maintenance team and high- quality safety measures bring a safe and KMB and LWB have requested bus manufacturers to install 3-point safety belts on all seats as a standard feature for new buses. Currently, more than 600 new buses are fully equipped with seat belts on both decks. As for buses currently in service and running on long-haul or expressway routes, 3-point safety belts will be installed on all upper-deck seats in phases. Electronic Stability Programme (“ESP”) The ESP is an important safety feature, which reduces the risk of bus skidding or overturning when cornering or operating on a slippery road surface. To safeguard road safety, all new Euro VI buses will be equipped with the ESP. The first batch of these buses was deployed in 2019. KMB and LWB have installed parking sensors on more than 1,100 buses. The system will alert the driver if the bus is nearing obstacles when reversing. With a camera system, bus captains can monitor the real-time situation through the screen in the driving cab. Surveillance cameras, including forward-looking cameras, to monitor road and saloon condition, have been standard features on all new buses since 2015. At the end of 2020, surveillance cameras were installed on all KMB and LWB buses. The cameras protect the interests of bus captains in the event of police investigations or legal proceedings. Attaching great importance to personal data protection, the Group has established working instruction guidelines to prevent inappropriate disclosure of personal data. Stickers are posted on all buses equipped with a CCTV system to inform bus passengers and bus captains of their presence and purpose. Authorised persons will access recordings from CCTV cameras only for security and incident investigation purposes. The recorded data is controlled by management and will only be accessed, copied or viewed following management approval in accordance with the governing procedures. 3-point safety belts on all seats have become a standard The ESP helps reduce the risk of bus skidding when KMB and LWB attach great importance to enhancing bus safety performance and use different channels to boost public awareness of safety issues. A series of safety messages, broadcast on the Bus Stop Announcement System in Cantonese, English and Putonghua, reminds passengers to hold the handrail at all times. We have put on safety stickers, such as “Hold the handrail” and “Fasten seatbelt” on our buses. This message is also periodically conveyed via App1933 and on KMB’s Facebook page. The Bus Captain Training School provides comprehensive basic training to all new bus captains, including a safe driving mind-set, bus manoeuvring skills and bus route knowledge. The school also offers a series of training courses for in-service bus captains, including route training, remedial training, bus type training and refresher training. Bus captains may upgrade their driving skills and enhance their safety awareness. In 2020, the bus captain training programmes were revamped with course content and materials restructured. To further enhance and consolidate the driving manner and safety awareness of bus captains with 0 – 4 years of service, yearly refresher training has been introduced. The module for preventing passengers from “losing balance” has been enhanced in both Basic Training and Remedial Training to strengthen bus captains’ sense of caring for passengers and smooth driving. We have re-designed and developed training on “bus tyre checking” and “handling of bus tyre on smoke/fire” across all training sessions in order to draw bus captains’ attention to the importance of keeping the bus tyres in good condition while driving. Aiming at preventing accidents of hitting stationary objects, we have been conducting “Safety Talks” at different bus termini. We provide comprehensive training to bus captains to ensure that their performance The ISO14644-1 Class 8 Cleanroom Distributed drinks to boost the frontline Installed a cleanroom and set up a production line for surgical masks in Hong Introduced ventilation windows on some Guaranteed to keep the price of the KMB Mask unchanged under the situation of Adopted the second-round Nano- Photocatalyst Technology to step up Free KMB Masks for passengers who Provided deep throat saliva specimen collection packs for bus captains and Organised the “Pandemic Prevention Materials Online Market” to give staff Launched a series of public health Adopted the Nano-Photocatalyst Technology Installed disinfection carpets and provided Stepped up compartment cleaning and the Provided non-contact infrared thermometers Provided masks and hand sanitiser gel at Launched “COVID-19 Information Kiosks” Set up a notification mechanism and procedures, with inter-departmental efforts The year 2020 was overshadowed by the Coronavirus pandemic. Facing the unprecedented challenge, we considered the health of staff members and passengers our top priority. With demonstrated professionalism, the frontline staff adhered to their obligations and the back office provided full support. As part of our infection control measures, we aimed to offer clean compartments, bring safe and enjoyable travel experiences to passengers, and overcome the challenges together with the citizens during the difficult times. Introduced the Long-lasting Smart Coating Free KMB Masks for other local companies Set up partitions at staff canteens, pantries and duty dispatch office, etc. with a Distributed face masks to subdivided unit Donated pandemic care packs to voluntary KMB Masks were certified with ASTM Level 1 Provided masks for students on the first Distributed healthy food to cheer frontline KMB Masks were certified with ASTM Level 2 The “LeaveHomeSafe” QR code was made available at approximately 200 bus termini Launched the “1-Dollar-1-Mask” to help As the coronavirus broke out at the beginning of the year, prevention supplies were in shortage. We took action promptly by setting up a cleanroom and a local production line for surgical masks in Hong Kong. KMB and LWB became the first franchised bus companies to provide self-produced surgical masks to the frontline and back office employees. The KMB Masks production line operates every day to ensure a stable supply of three sizes of ASTM Level 2 (American Society for Testing and Materials Level 2 standard) certified masks. In addition to providing comprehensive protection for our employees, we added retail locations and vending machines in multiple districts to facilitate mask purchase. We also offered surgical masks to passengers through various promotion schemes. We donate masks to a number of voluntary organisations to assist subdivided unit households, the homeless and the disabled in relieving their financial pressure. Mask Production Line As a hearing-impaired person I am not afraid of the hard work. Mask production is very meaningful to me and I am very pleased to be involved because it can effectively help protect the health of Hong Kong people. The factory staff help one another and my colleagues often take care of me. They are willing to use words and body language instead of speaking to communicate so that I can easily adapt to the working environment. When SARS struck Hong Kong in 2003, people kept using diluted bleach for cleaning. In fact, the bleach loses its sterilising function as it evaporates. Even if sterilisation is done every two hours, it cannot effectively prevent the spread of the virus. Given the high traffic of public transport, lasting disinfection on the surface is very important for infection control, which inspired us to develop a less volatile “Long-lasting Smart Coating Technology” adopted by KMB and LWB. I am gratified by the great help of the laboratory research. Dr. Joseph Kwan, Adjunct Professor at the Division of Environment & To allow passengers to travel safely, we worked hard to find safe and reliable anti- pandemic technology suitable for public transportation, aiming to provide clean compartments for the public and our employees. KMB and LWB became the first franchised bus companies to adopt the local “Nano-Photocatalyst Technology” and “Long-lasting Smart Coating Technology” in enhancing compartment cleaning. At the same time, we adopted other infection control measures, including the provision of hand sanitiser dispensers in bus compartments and disinfection carpets at the boarding point as well as retrofitted bus window vents to enhance natural ventilation. I keep cleaning every nook and corner of the bus compartment following the sweeping, wiping and mopping steps. I clean the whole bus, from windows, armrests, and stop buttons to the gap between seats. Now there are different kinds of antiseptic products. KMB is prompt in providing equipment for our work. Although our workload is heavy and we have to grasp the time to clean the bus properly, it is important to offer the staff and passengers a clean, safe and comfortable environment in the compartment. Despite the hard work, I feel reassured when everyone is safe. All frontline staff and back office employees serve with professionalism despite adversity. Putting passengers’ safety first, our departments keep an eye on the pandemic development and take corresponding measures efficiently. In terms of operations, we flexibly adjust our headways in line with the government’s prevention and control measure and passengers’ demand. Externally, we disseminate messages both online and offline, with media briefings on infection control to maintain high transparency. We maintain effective communication with the public and work to strengthen health education. I always pay attention to passengers’ need. There are passengers boarding the bus in a hurry without wearing a mask. I usually have some spare masks with me, so I can help by giving them a mask to continue their journey. Actually most passengers follow the rule with a mask on. Even when there is any difficult passenger, I tend to gently remind them to protect themselves and others by wearing a mask properly before boarding. In most cases they are willing to cooperate. Stringent Infection Control Measures We implement strict infection control measures and internal guidelines, including temperature screening for all employees before they start working every day, and providing surgical masks for them to wear when performing duties. There is also a notification mechanism that requires employees to report COVID-19 cases to be followed up by the Inter-departmental Emergency Response Unit. All premises and buses concerned will be disinfected. Moreover, we added “COVID-19 Information Kiosks” to increase the transparency of pandemic information. Safety, efficiency, value-for-money and comfort underpin our customer service philosophy. Ventilation windows are installed on some KMB buses to bring fresh air to LWB introduces a diversified e-payment system in its fleet supporting contactless KMB has committed to introducing innovative and eco-friendly bus service. The latest Euro VI double-decker features a glass window that shows the staircase leading to the upper deck. Sunlight is directed onto the stairs, thus enhancing safety and passengers’ experience. KMB and LWB’s latest double-deck buses are equipped with upgraded passenger facilities, including a free Wi-Fi service and a number of USB charging points on both the upper and lower decks, a straight staircase for easy access to the upper deck, additional space for 2+2 seating, priority seats for passengers in need, a designated area for wheelchair users near the entrance/ exit, colour contrasted handrails and easy-reach bell-pushes. In addition, the provision of the continuous railing and hand poles on the lower deck ensures a smooth passenger flow in the space between the entrance and exit doors. All seats on the upper deck of LWB’s Airbuses are equipped with an armrest to provide a more comfortable bus journey. As of the end of 2020, 3,306 buses meeting Euro V standard or above were licensed in the KMB fleet, while 213 buses of Euro V standard or above were licensed in the LWB fleet. The majority of these buses have been deployed on routes passing through low-emission zones to improve the air quality in busy districts. The entire KMB and LWB fleets deploy super-low floor buses for easy boarding and alighting, as well as wide entrance and exit doors for better passenger access, which means that all KMB and LWB buses are accessible to the elderly and wheelchair users. In addition, KMB has retrofitted around 200 buses to accommodate two wheelchair passengers, to run mainly on routes travelling to hospitals. LWB has become the first franchised bus company in Hong Kong to install diversified e-payment system in its fleet, and support contactless payment method by using a credit card, e-wallet on mobile devices and smart watches, or scanning the QR code for easy, fast and convenient bus fare payment. It proves the commitment to LWB’s passengers by providing a better travelling experience with more choices for payment means and promoting smart city development. In 2021, the diversified electronic payment system will be extended to KMB. KMB and LWB have installed the Bus Information Panel System on 3,468 buses. With the Bus Stop Announcement System, passengers can easily and clearly obtain bus stop information through the display screens on the upper and lower decks. The air quality in bus compartments benefits from electrostatic air filters installed on all KMB and LWB buses, which are able to remove up to 80% of fine particles. As at the end of 2020, electrostatic air filters were installed on 3,860 KMB buses and 237 LWB buses. In addition, all KMB and LWB buses ordered after 2008 are equipped with power-saving variable capacity air- conditioning compressors, which provide more adaptive and refined thermal control in the most fuel-efficient manner in all weather conditions. The air-conditioning systems have a fresh air function which extracts fresh air outside the compartment and purifies it using a double-layer filter system. KMB has retrofitted 192 new licensed Euro VI buses with four ventilation windows, two on each deck, to provide natural ventilation and to bring passengers a comfortable journey. KMB Fare Saver Scheme and KMB x LWB FUN Redemption Scheme We, partnering with some Green Minibus operators, provide inter-modal KMB and LWB are committed to providing efficient bus services for the public. A number of fare concession schemes were introduced in 2020, including the following: KMB introduced the first Regional Two-way Sectional Fare Scheme on 17 routes serving Tuen Mun, Yuen Long and Tin Shui Wai, in which the number of card reader has increased to 35; KMB Fare Saver Scheme offered a fare discount of up to HK$4. To extend the coverage of this scheme, the number of Fare Saver Kiosks installed at the campus of educational institutions and at shopping malls was increased to 19 and two respectively; A 4-week lucky draw promotion campaign was held for KMB Cross-harbour Routes; A gift reward scheme was offered to monthly pass holders starting from March 2020. The gifts include KMB limited Octopus card, KMB face masks and bus tickets of LWB A-Routes and KMB Route B1; New Reward Scheme, “KMB x LWB FUN Redemption Scheme”, was introduced to let passengers earn points by registering via App1933 and taking bus rides; ICBC/KMB UnionPay Dual Currency Cardholders enjoyed a maximum of 20% bus fare rebate when they paid for KMB and LWB rides; A fare rebate scheme for Citibank cardholders to enjoy a 15% bus fare rebate year round; Partnering with Hong Kong Tramways Limited and some Green Minibus operators, KMB provides inter-modal interchange fare concessions covering routes on Hong Kong Island and in the New Territories; A KMB-MTR interchange discount for passengers interchanging from designated routes solely Six new Bus-Bus Interchange concession schemes covering more than 124 routes. Passengers of Route 98 can enjoy an interchange discount on more than 50 routes at Kwun Tong Road Interchange to Kowloon and the New The opening of the Tuen Mun-Chek Lap Kok Tunnel KMB continues to upgrade the bus stop facilities for passengers’ better traveling ICBC/KMB UnionPay Dual Currency Cardholders enjoyed a maximum of 20% bus fare rebate when they paid for KMB and LWB rides; A fare rebate scheme for Citibank cardholders to enjoy a 15% bus fare rebate year round; New Reward Scheme, “KMB x LWB FUN Redemption Scheme”, was introduced to let A new Bus-Bus Interchange concession scheme covering five routes. KMB and LWB’s BBI Schemes offer fare discounts to passengers on the second leg of journeys and broaden the network coverage. The schemes contribute to a greener environment by improving bus usage and reducing congestion on busy roads. As of the end of 2020, KMB operated a total of 164 BBI Schemes covering all KMB operated routes, while LWB operated 28 Octopus BBI Schemes covering 29 routes. The opening of the bus interchanges at the Tseung Kwan O Tunnel (Tseung Kwan O-bound) and the Tuen Mun-Chek Lap Kok Tunnel allows passengers to travel with a flexible journey plan. The KMB and LWB websites provide more detailed and comprehensive route-to-route BBI information for passengers. The four major KMB depots at Lai Chi Kok, Kowloon Bay, Sha Tin and Tuen Mun, as well as the LWB depot at Siu Ho Wan, provide the KMB and LWB fleets with maintenance and repair services. The KMB Overhaul Centre in Tuen Mun provides major overhaul services, while twelve smaller depots offer parking and minor maintenance services. KMB and LWB’s commitment to upgrading the facilities at their termini and bus stops is reflected in the following measures: KMB Kwun Tong Road Interchange Platform Numbering System is launched to facilitate passenger with greater convenience to enjoy Bus-Bus Interchange concession and have more choices. Seats for the elderly, the disabled and young children are being introduced at bus shelters, bus termini and interchanges. At the end of 2020, 1,775 seats had been installed; The Solar-powered Bus Shelter Campaign promotes green energy by installing solar panels to power up lighting, mosquito repelling devices and ventilation fans. 150 bus stops have been equipped with solar power equipment; Alcohol-based hand-rub dispensers have been installed at the airport, the Hong Kong Port of the Hong Kong-Zhuhai-Macao Bridge, Lok Ma Chau Station Bus Terminus, interchanges and other bus termini for passengers and frontline staff members; 869 bus stop locations are equipped with display panels showing the estimated time of bus arrivals; The enhancement of the bus route information sheets has been completed. Passengers can now scan the two-dimensional QR code on the new layout information sheets posted at the bus In 2020, 20 new bus shelters were constructed, bringing the total to 2,609. The KMB and LWB mobile app, App1933, has one million daily active users making around five million downloads. Through the app, passengers can check information on bus routes and the estimated time of bus arrivals. App1933 received a number of upgrades during the year, including an upgrade on the Bus Estimated Time of Arrival (“ETA”) service, so that passengers can also check the Estimated Arrival Time of KMB, LWB and other franchised bus companies. Besides receiving nearby route information at the bus stops through Bluetooth Beacon signal, App1933 has enhanced its intrinsic location-based function to provide the relevant traffic conditions, weather information and bus route suggestion based on a passenger’s current location through the new “myFavourite” feature. In addition, KMB and LWB introduced the new rewards scheme “KMB x LWB FUN Redemption Scheme”, under which passengers enjoyed bus rides while earning points for gifts at the same time. The app also offers the LiveChat function so that passengers can directly communicate with our customer service representatives. KMB and LWB have set up alcohol-based hand-rub dispensers at interchanges Platform Numbering System is introduced to KMB Kwun Tong Road Interchange for the A new feature, “myFavourite”, has been added on App1933. It offers the relevant traffic conditions, weather information, and “KMB x LWB FUN Redemption Scheme” Sometimes I have gatherings with my friends in Yuen Long on holidays. Options were once very limited if I wanted to travel from Tuen Mun to Yuen Long. Since the launch of the Two-way Sectional Fare Scheme, Route 269D has become my first choice. I just need to use the App1933 to check the estimated arrival time before getting to the bus stop nearby for a direct journey to Yuen Long. It is very convenient. I also find it more flexible to choose which stop to board. Caring for Customers by The First Regional Two-way Sectional Fare Scheme Innovation and caring services underpin KMB’s service philosophy. We have launched multiple fare discount plans to give back to passengers and enhanced services to meet the daily needs of the public. We noticed that there were insufficient regional bus routes across Tuen Mun, Yuen Long, and Tin Shui Wai. In this light, we leveraged on our bus network to provide more transportation choices, more comfortable journeys and cheaper options for passengers. Tailor-made card readers were installed at 35 bus stops for 17 KMB routes. After leaving the bus, passengers can tap their Octopus card to obtain a fare discount. The Scheme has been well received since its launch. Moreover, two KMB Fare Saver kiosks were made available at two shopping malls, Manhattan Mid- Town in Mei Foo and PopWalk in Tseung Kwan O, as an extension of our discount network. By tapping the Octopus card at the kiosk, passengers can enjoy a fare discount of HK$2 for their KMB bus ride. Our eco-friendly bus fleets are driving us into a new era. We are committed to creating a better environment and minimising the climate-related impacts by investing in eco-friendly buses that meet the strict exhaust emission standards of the European Council of Environmental Ministers. At the end of 2020, there were 442 Euro VI buses (including three Euro VI diesel-electric hybrid buses), 2,846 Euro V buses, ten battery-electric buses and eight supercapacitor buses in the KMB fleet, and 209 Euro V buses and four battery-electric buses in the LWB fleet. In collaboration with our suppliers, we have been replacing older bus models with the latest, more energy-efficient bus models to enhance the endurance and environmental performance of our bus fleets to achieve “zero emission” on the road. The average age of the KMB bus fleet has become 6.60 years, while that of LWB has become 6.04 years. KMB and LWB strive to improve environmental performance by exploring various renewable energy and zero-emission technologies, which shows KMB and LWB’s determination to introduce green public transport in Hong Kong. KMB has introduced some double-deckers with solar panels to its fleet. The system reduces the air temperature in the compartment by around 8-10˚C compared to a bus without such a system; KMB and LWB are exploring the use of an electric bus (“eBus”) with a 324 KWh Lithium Iron KMB has introduced the “gBus”, the supercapacitor-powered 12-metre air-conditioned single deck bus. The gBus is characterised by long working hours and frequent start-stop duty cycles, as the supercapacitor can be recharged more quickly and undertake many more charging/ discharging cycles. The gBus can be powered up by an overhead pantograph or a plug-type charging port in the depot. Each year, 80 KMB buses and 15 LWB buses from passenger-intensive bus routes are selected for a data logger measurement of indoor CO2 concentration. Our buses generally demonstrate compliance with the requirement. To strive for eBus development, KMB has set up electricity-recharging Twenty electric patrol cars are introduced to KMB and LWB’s KMB and LWB seek to minimise their greenhouse gas emissions through the judicious application of the latest technologies and relevant measures. KMB and LWB adopt the latest technologies to reduce roadside emissions and maintain good air quality in bus compartments. We have a number of measures including using Near Zero Sulphur Diesel, renewing the models and upgrades older buses by retrofitting exhaust treatment devices, such as Diesel Oxidation Catalysts, Diesel Particulate Filters, and Selective Catalytic Reduction units, to meet the high standards of exhaust emission laid down by the European Council of Environmental Ministers. As part of our commitment to conserving the environment, KMB and LWB are investing in upgrading the environmental performance of the bus fleets and the patrol cars as well. KMB and LWB have introduced twenty electric patrol cars for back-up support and have set up electricity- recharging facilities at the main depots. KMB and LWB take all practicable measures to reduce precious resources consumption and streamline waste disposal procedures. We aim to handle and dispose of all materials in compliance with present laws and regulations and in a responsible manner without creating risks to human health or the environment. To reduce fuel consumption, a number of measures have been adopted on the KMB and LWB bus fleets and across its operations: The aircraft-style “Posilock” fuel filling system is used to refuel buses; Ambient sensors are installed on air-conditioned buses to save energy by reducing unnecessary cooling; The use of synthetic gearbox oil extends the oil drain interval from 30,000 to 150,000 km, The mileage-based oil change scheme brings about a 40% reduction in engine oil consumption and waste oil. We continue to explore environment-friendly initiatives and invested in the latest technologies to minimise energy use and reduce greenhouse gas emissions. Over 600 fluorescent tubes, flood lights and spot lights were switched off in the main depots. After the implementation of these saving measures, the depots reduce its total electricity consumption by around 6%, we have re- arranged the operation period of the air-conditioning units at depots, which has reduced the electricity consumption in that depot by around 2%. Through cooperation with a power company, a Solar Photovoltaic System consisting of more than 300 solar power panels has been installed on the roof of the Tuen Mun Depot. KMB will gradually introduce the system in major and satellite depots to strengthen the application of renewable energy and reduce greenhouse gas emissions. KMB and LWB as responsible corporate citizens are committed to reducing water consumption and properly treating effluents before discharge. Our depots are equipped with 10 automatic waste water treatment systems handling 400 cubic metres per day. The water used for bus washing was collected and recycled, bringing a reduction in total water consumption at depots of around 4%. However, owing to the COVID-19 pandemic, the total water consumption increased by 9.86% compared to 2019. More than 300 solar panels have been installed on Tuen Mun Depot’s rooftop for promoting the application of With the environmental- friendly design, the automatic waste water treatment systems properly treat Used tyres were retreaded by KMB and LWB are committed to good waste management through responsible storage and disposal of waste, recycling and reusing resources whenever feasible. Significant types of waste generated in our operations are reported as follows: Used KMB and LWB tyres were retreaded by KMB’s appointed contractors. KMB and LWB sent used fluorescent tubes to the government’s Chemical Waste Treatment Centre for recycling. The solid chemical waste were treated and stored by type in designated areas at bus depots before being disposed of by a registered chemical waste collector at the government’s Chemical Waste Treatment Centre and waste oil were recycled or disposed of in accordance with the statutory standards. Batteries were disposed of by a licensed contractor in compliance with Environmental Protection Department (“EPD”) instructions, including some which were exported to overseas facilities approved by the EPD under the Basel Convention. KMB and LWB sent waste metals to recycling companies. The Green Office concept drives both the design and the renovation of our premises. The air- conditioning thermostats are set to 25.5°C to conserve energy and protect air quality in line with the government’s Action Blue Sky Campaign. Operating hours have also been re-arranged to reduce energy waste during non-office hours. Higher efficiency air conditioning units are installed in all newly renovated office. Lower-energy LED lighting is used on the ceilings of depots and in the common areas of our headquarters building, including the main lobby, to reduce electricity consumption and the demand for air-conditioning. KMB and LWB have continually implemented several measures in depots and offices to reduce Our employees are our greatest asset, and we cherish them accordingly. We have organised various health programmes To show our caring for employees, KMB and LWB distribute drinks to staff We take care of our employees by maintaining a safe, respectful and harmonious work environment. We adopt a set of comprehensive human resources policies promoting gender equality, offering protection against sexual harassment, occupational health and safety, preventing bribery, and protecting personal privacy. These and other policies are published on the staff website. We observe Hong Kong’s labour and anti-discrimination laws and ensure that all our suppliers respect labour rights with regard to employment and respect employees’ rights to join trade unions. As an equal opportunity employer, we are committed to ensuring that no job applicant or employee is discriminated against on the grounds of race, sex, marital status, family status, pregnancy or disability. In collecting personal data from job applicants and existing staff members, we comply with the requirements of the Personal Data (Privacy) Ordinance, respecting the privacy of personal data while taking all reasonable steps to ensure that the personal data of job applicants and staff members are securely held and used only for the purposes stated in our personal data collection statement. As public bodies included in the Schedule of the Prevention of Bribery Ordinance, KMB and LWB remind staff members that they should not use their position to solicit or receive any advantage from the public. From time to time, we remind our employees to comply with Human Resources Policies. In addition, we have a complete complaints handling mechanism in place. In case we receive complaints, we would thoroughly investigate all complaints on breach of the above policies and take appropriate action. Depending on the degree of seriousness of the complaint, an ad hoc committee may be set up to investigate the complaint. Severe disciplinary action, including summary dismissal, will be instigated for any violation. We have organised the “Father’s Day Look-alike Photo Competition” To help attract and retain talented staff, competitive benefits packages are offered, including annual leave, medical benefits, hospitalisation insurance, accident insurance and free bus travel for staff and dependents. In the reporting period, KMB and LWB strengthened the benefits package of full-time employees by: Upgrading the staff medical benefits by increasing the number of clinics from 4 to 23 covering far more convenient locations and including staff family members and retirees for corporate discount rates. We are committed to fostering a caring culture which covers both our staff members and their families. Since 2015, we have been providing a scholarship programme for the children of staff with satisfactory academic performance to support their tertiary education. As at 31 December 2020, more than 300 children of KMB and LWB staff members had received scholarships. We further launched a 8-week summer internship programme for our staff’s children this year, allowing students to understand their own strengths and potentials and have a better future career plan. Festive joys were brought to our staff at different festivals as well. At the Lunar New Year, we distributed Chinese New Year gifts to our staff, while at Christmas, we organised a Christmas Lucky Draw live broadcast to celebrate the festive season. Senior corporate executives and managerial staff joined the gatherings and shared the festive joy with colleagues. During the year, several initiatives were implemented with overwhelming feedback. The “Father’s Day Look-alike Photo Competition” was a venue where staff members could proudly share their family affection through photos. Online concerts also attracted those who were fond of talent shows. KMB and LWB are committed to fostering a caring culture to both staff members and their families. We have organised a Christmas Lucky Draw and provided a Members of KMB and LWB senior management have visited bus termini to give support and appreciation to We offer seasonal flu vaccination discount to staff To strengthen bilateral communication and staff welfare, each of the five KMB and one LWB Joint Consultative Committees, comprising management and staff representatives representing around 90% of KMB and LWB’s total workforce, holds meetings monthly and bi-monthly in general. The meetings are to review issues including safety, operations, work environment and staff welfare. At the meetings, employee representatives generally account for 90% of attendees to ensure that the views of staff are comprehensively relayed. Staff members are kept informed through the staff website of useful information, including KMB and LWB announcements, safe driving tips, snapshots of KMB and LWB activities and notices of forthcoming events. Staff can check duty roster information and make annual leave arrangements online, as well as using an e-learning training platform. The bi-monthly corporate magazine, KMB Today, provides another means of keeping employees up to date on KMB and LWB news and industry developments. We make use of modern technologies such as the social media to share information with our staff to cope with the onset of the COVID-19 and various infection control measures. The KMB Staff Facebook page was therefore revamped in April 2020. Several online activities and programmes, including an online staff music concert and the Christmas Lucky Draw, were held to maintain connection with staff members. The number of followers on the Facebook page dramatically was increased by five times in 2020. Members of KMB and LWB senior management visited bus termini, depots and offices during the year to give support to our colleagues and listen to their opinions. These visits provided an excellent opportunity for staff to share their views about operational matters and workplace-related issues with the management team members. KMB and LWB staff members are encouraged to suggest improvement measures to enhance health and safety conditions. After reviewing staff suggestions at the regular meetings of the Working Committee for Safety, a series of safety control measures has been introduced. Safety promotion has been launched throughout the year to raise safety awareness of staff. Topics suitable for operations and maintenance are involved, including safety precautions for different working procedures in maintenance workshop, fire evacuation procedure, manual handling procedure and safe bus driving tips. To enhance the competence of our staff regarding the new requirements defined in ISO45001, several training courses, which are conducted by Hong Kong Quality Assurance Agency, have been arranged for all staff at different levels. In 2020, KMB and LWB launched a series of health-related activities, including a health talk, a weight loss campaign and a cooking competition to promote a healthy lifestyle. A seasonal flu vaccination discount was also offered to staff members to protect them against flu viruses. KMB and LWB have continued to renovate and upgrade the working environment, especially for frontline staff, to provide better rest facilities for staff to take rest breaks. Further to its opening at Kowloon Bay Depot, our staff leisure area Club 1933 was opened at Lai Chi Kok Depot, where a pool table, an air hockey table and a table football are available. Our diversified learning channels provide self-learning opportunities, including internal classroom training and e-learning programmes. Job rotation and secondment opportunities are also available so that our employees may broaden their understanding of the industry. We regularly organise customised training and learning activities for all staff levels to keep them abreast of the latest industry trends, knowledge and work skills. For instance, we arranged a training course to improve employees’ communication skills from a psychological perspective and alleviate the negative emotions of employees when handling accidental incidents. Since 1973, the Technical Training School has been responsible for training our bus maintenance staff to keep up with the latest bus technologies. In 2020, 148 in-house training sessions were run for 819 skilled workers, while three training sessions were organised in collaboration with our manufacturers for 29 engineers, supervisors and foremen. To ensure a continuous stream of skilled workers to provide maintenance for the KMB and LWB bus fleets, the school runs a four-year apprenticeship training programme for young people who are interested in bus maintenance. The total number of graduates since the school was established stands at 2,513. At the end of 2020, 66 apprentices were enrolled in the School’s programme. The quality of our apprentice training was once again recognised in 2020 when a KMB apprentice was awarded the Third Runner-up in the Vocational Training Council’s Best Apprentice in the Automobile Trade Competition. A two-year technical trainee programme was launched to strengthen our professional team and nurture young people who aspire to a career in bus maintenance. Trainees who complete the programme will receive a Completion Certificate from bus manufacturers. A two-year technical trainee programme is launched to nurture talents in bus KMB and LWB have orangised a training in psychology and counseling for staff to enhance the capability in KMB and LWB have engaged the Christian Family Service Centre to provide a counselling hotline service for staff members including bus captains who need assistance. In 2020, the hotline extended its service to 24 hours a day, 7 days a week, and broadened its coverage to include family members. In 2020, 271 Star Bus Captains were recognised for their outstanding performance in safe driving and customer care. Long service awards were presented to staff in recognition of their loyal service. A total of 49 employees received the 35-year award and a gold medal, 70 and 227 employees received the 30-year and 20-year awards respectively with a plaque and a pin, and 275 employees with 10 years’ service received a certificate of appreciation. Including the Retirement Awards, over 1,300 employees were awarded in appreciation of their loyal and outstanding service. To promote work-life balance, KMB and LWB staff members are encouraged to participate in sports and leisure activities as well as voluntary work. As at the end of 2020, nine interest clubs were available for staff interested in singing, photography, basketball, table tennis, badminton, soccer, running, chess and dragon boat racing. Various activities, training and competitions were organised to promote a healthy work-life balance and to boost the team spirit. The TIH Retiree Association was formed to maintain close contacts with retired colleagues through various activities. Owing to the outbreak of COVID-19, regular activities such as afternoon tea gatherings and festive gift distribution have been suspended. We have thus utilised the Facebook page and set up a KMB retiree website to share activity photos, so as to enhance the communication channel with retirees and promote mutual support among them. Star Bus Captains are recognised for their outstanding performance in safe driving and customer care. Besides, we make use of social media platform under the situation of We have set up the TIH Retiree Association to maintain close contacts with I always have a keen interest in public transport affairs. I obtained a bachelor’s degree in sociology and a master degree in management in the United Kingdom. When I lived there, I came to learn more about the operation of local bus companies, which later helped me bring new ideas to KMB. After joining the company, I had the opportunity to understand the operations of different departments. I realised that bus operations rely on the cooperation and team spirit of all departments. The new technique and professional knowledge learnt also broadened my horizons. Nurture Management Leaders： To nurture professional talents, KMB has developed the Management Trainee Programme and the Engineering Graduate Programme. The Management Trainee Programme provides a comprehensive platform for young employees, allowing them to rotate across major departments during a three- year training period. Besides giving a better understanding of the franchised bus industry, the trainees will be equipped with techniques and knowledge in different aspects, such as personnel management, law and corporate communications, as well as accumulated practical working experience to develop into multi-talented management. During the period, on-the-job training and guidance from supervisory management will enable the trainee to unleash their full potential and take on a managerial position in the future. Joining KMB allowed me to work closely with different parts of the bus, learning more about the mechanical structure and operation. I participated in a project led by an experienced mentor, which laid a solid foundation for my future career. From the gearbox, the engine to seats and handrails, every detail is crucial to a bus. I joined a project which involved adding an edge guard to the electronic screen. This provides additional protection to passengers, especially users of the priority seat. I was delighted with the completion of the project. The Engineering Graduate Programme aims to develop a group of professional engineers with specific skills and experience to fit in the local bus industry. The engineering graduates will get to work at various depots and departments to learn about bus parts and systems. They will also have the opportunity to participate in bus design projects. Spanning a minimum period of 24 months, the Programme, once completed, represents qualification for the Scheme “A” Graduate Training of the Hong Kong Institution of Engineers. They could gradually promote to assistant engineers, engineers, senior engineers, and management. Acquire Professional Qualifications: We are committed to supporting various initiatives to enhance the well-being of the community and engaging our stakeholders through effective communication channels. KMB runs pop-up stores at different shopping malls and has a Shop1933 at Manhattan Mid-town to In 2020, a number of events were organised to interact with the public we serve: In January, KMB operated three Lunar New Year stalls at Tai Po Mega Mall, Tseung Kwan O East Point City and Tai Po Lam Tsuen; In October and November, KMB ran pop-up stores at Sham Shui Po V walk and Tseung Kwan O East Point City. The stores allowed the public to understand more about KMB’s services, showcasing bus models and providing various games and photo opportunities related to bus KMB and LWB held a total of 12 Passenger Liaison Group meetings at bus termini across their operating areas to collect customer views on a variety of issues, including interchange schemes, environment-friendly buses, passenger facilities and network connectivity. In 2020, we invited the media to our events to strengthen communication and made increasing use of social media platforms such as Facebook and Instagram to publicise KMB and LWB-related information. Our interaction with netizens included a number of cross-media activities. These activities proved popular, as the number of fans of our Facebook page grew from over 151,000 in January to over 170,000 at the end of December. Likewise, the KMB Instagram account had reached more than 230,000 netizens since it launched. Firm in the belief that social media platforms constitute a major communication means between the public and the Group, we will continue to make good use of online communication platforms to strengthen its ties with the public. The following activities were organised via online social media platforms: Throughout the year, KMB Facebook has promoted different events with images, GIFs and In December, KMB organised Christmas give-away events to KMB fans through Facebook and Instagram. App1933 has a “Missing Person Notice Function” to The new opening of Tuen Mun Road Bus-bus Interchange Customer Service Centre (Kowloon- bound) provides a comfortable waiting area for App1933 KMB has further launched the “Missing Person Notice Function” on App1933 to strengthen assistance in locating missing elderly people by their Octopus numbers. Passengers received the notice through App1933 to help find missing elderly. Meanwhile, when a missing person boarded the bus and tapped the card, the system will alert the bus captain to identify the elderly person. The KMB and LWB websites (www.kmb.hk and www.lwb.hk), as corporate information portals, provide corporate news, promotion information and a customer enquiry service. The websites also serve our passengers by providing a map-based point-to-point bus route search function, LiveChat and “Octopus Refund Enquiry” functions. Our Customer Service Centres provide passengers with a one-stop service offering KMB and LWB souvenirs, Octopus Card add-value services and the provision of bus route information, while the Tai Lam Interchange Customer Service Kiosk similarly provides a wide range of services. The kiosk provides cash withdrawal and free Wi-Fi services, as well as a range of convenience goods, providing a handy one-stop service. Tuen Mun Road Bus-Bus Interchange Customer Service Centre provides an air-conditioned waiting area for passengers to enjoy a comfortable environment. The customer service kiosk at Hong Kong International Airport’s Ground Transportation Centre provides a passenger enquiry service and Airbus ticket sales. The KMB customer service hotline (2745 4466) and LWB customer service hotline (2261 2791) handled about 0.98 million and 20,000 calls in 2020 respectively, an average of 81,250 and 1,600 calls a month, with a hotline operator service available daily from 7:00 a.m. to 11:00 p.m. being complemented by a 24-hour hotline system. Shortcut keys to get through to a live operator are available for prompt reporting of illegal parking that affects bus service and for providing assistance in finding lost elderly people. To provide more channels for passenger enquiries, KMB and LWB have set up a LiveChat channel on their websites and App1933 to provide instant responses to customer enquiries, offering a daily service from 7:00 a.m. to 11:00 p.m. Customer Service Centres provide passengers with a KMB and LWB place great emphasis on providing quality services for customers and welcome customers who wish to express their views on bus service. All customer feedback is handled with due care. KMB and LWB treat substantive feedback as a reference for continuous service improvement and future service development. To increase our stakeholders’ understanding of the daily operations at our bus depots, we received visitors from three organisations in the reporting period, including social service organisations and overseas delegations. We have also engaged schools and non-government organisations through a depot visit programme to promote good manners and safety awareness on the bus, especially for students and the elderly. We hosted two delegations in 2020. During the reporting period, we further strengthened the connection with stakeholders via participation in the following organisations: Business Environment Council; Employers’ Federation of Hong Kong; Federation of Hong Kong Industries; The Hong Kong General Chamber of Commerce. We take steps to understand the needs of our community and actively support various initiatives in society. We leverage the Group’s business strengths and resources to optimise positive social impacts, mainly through engagement with elderly people and nurturing youth development. To support the elderly and passengers in need, each year KMB and LWB participate in the International Day of Disabled Persons event organised by The Hong Kong Council of Social Service, offering free rides on all bus routes to people with disabilities and one accompanying carer. KMB and LWB also supported the annual Senior Citizens Day by offering free rides to people aged 65 and over. We sponsor and participate in a variety of local community programmes, including The Community Chest of Hong Kong’s Dress Casual Day and Suicide Prevention Services’ Virtual Charity Walk, as well as taking part in The Hong Kong Council of Social Service Caring Company Patron’s Club. In 2020, KMB provided bus body advertisements for 13 non-governmental organisations (“NGOs”) on 23 buses. We donated two tailor-made bus stop poles to Caritas Harold H.W. Lee Care and Attention Home and Caritas Jockey Club Integrated Day Services Centre for the Elderly to help prevent elderly people with dementia from missing and assist them in receiving treatment. KMB staff and FRN have participated in Suicide Prevention Services’ Virtual KMB has provided resting areas at three bus termini for the public having meal during the restrictions on dine-in The Donation of Used and Retired Bus Programme has donated 34 buses to schools since 2016 FRN assists Food for Good Community Kitchen in packing hot meals for elderly To nurture the next generation and show our support for sustainability and recycling, KMB launched the Donation of Used and Retired Bus Programme in 2016 to donate used and retired buses to schools and non-profit organisations. The buses can be regenerated explicitly to meet the creative learning needs of the schools or non-profit organisations. By the end of 2020, 34 retired buses had been donated. The list of beneficiary schools/non-profit organisations that received donated bus in 2020 is as follows: Si Yuan School of the Precious Blood; Holy Cross Lutheran School; Shun Lee Catholic Secondary School; Tin Shui Wai Methodist Primary School. KMB’s volunteer club FRIENDS OF KMB (“FRN”) has promoted environmental protection, civic education and social service activities since it was formed in 1995. In the reporting period, FRN comprised 2,100 members, including passengers and KMB and LWB staff and their dependents. During the reporting period, FRN volunteers participated in regular home visits and made care calls to elderly people who were suffering from depression. The programme was organised by the Suicide Prevention Service, with whom FRN has built up a partnership since 2013. FRN also assisted Food for Good Community Kitchen in packing hot meals for elderly people and underprivileged families weekly. In recognition of our contributions to the community, FRN received the Award of 10,000 Hours for Volunteer Service, Honour Award in the Highest Service Hour Award (Private Organisations – Best Customers Participation) and Merit in the Highest Service Hour Award (Private Organisations) from the Social Welfare Department. We had a case of an elderly absconding from the care and attention home and getting on a bus. Therefore, we set up a simulated bus stop in our place to prevent the elderly from going missing. Many elderly people are able to recall bus stops. When they see something they are familiar with, their emotional instability may be reduced. They also tend to “wait” for the bus at the pole, which helps minimise the probability of elderly people getting lost. I would like to express my gratitude to KMB for its donation and assistance. We hope more corporations will consider the needs of elderly people in their services or facilities. KWAN Siu Ling, Tanny, Senior Social Work Supervisor (Service for the Caring for Senior Citizens with Donating “Caring Bus Stop Pole” to Help Prevent To support the development of an age-friendly community, we made the first donation of the Caring Bus Stop Pole to the care homes for the elderly in Hong Kong, which allows the elderly with Dementia waiting at the bus stop to prevent them from wandering off. Two bus stop poles named by the care homes were tailor-made for two beneficiary organisations, the Caritas Harold H.W. Lee Care and Attention Home and Caritas Integrated Day Services Centre for the Elderly to assist the elderly in receiving treatment as well. To help missing elderly people reunite with their families, a shortcut was added to the KMB Customer Service Hotline. When family members press “8” after dialing the hotline, they can contact a person dedicated to providing relevant information. After receiving the request for assistance, KMB will use the Octopus card number to locate the missing elderly through our powerful bus fleet while publishing a tracing notice on App1933 in order to increase the chance of finding the missing elderly. Year-on-year GHG Emissions of Bus (Scope I) GHG Emissions of Electricity (Scope II)1 tCO2e per m2 Nitrogen Oxides (NOx)2 Sulphur Oxides (SOx)2 Particulate Matter (PM)2 Gigajoules (GJ) Water Consumption3 m3 Water Consumption Intensity3 Electricity Consumption3 Electricity Consumption Intensity3 kWh per m2 Kilograms (kg) Kilograms (kg) Kilograms (kg) Kilograms (kg) Kilograms (kg) Battery4 Kilograms (kg) Metal5 Kilograms (kg) Metal Intensity5 Kilograms (kg) The emission factors of greenhouse gas emissions due to electricity consumption were obtained from the Sustainability Reports of CLP Power: 0.51 kg CO2e/kWh in 2019 and 0.50 kg CO2e/kWh in 2020. The emission factors were taken from “Appendix 2: Reporting Guidance on Environmental KPIs” published by the Hong Kong Stock Exchange. The electricity consumption and water consumption in all KMB and LWB premises, excluding tenants, were taken into account. 4 In enhancing bus safety performance, additional safety features on buses were installed, leading to a shorter lifecycle of the battery. 5 A sufficient amount of metal was disposed of in cleaning up some areas in a depot. from 1 January to 31 December 2020 Year-on-year N.A. N.A. Total Training Hours6 Average Training Hours by Gender6 Average Training Hours by Employment Category6 6 Owing to the COVID-19 pandemic, most of the external and internal training courses were suspended to help maintain social distancing. TIH has developed this report in accordance with the Core Option of the Global Reporting Initiative Standards (“GRI”) Sustainability Reporting Guidelines and the Environmental, Social and Governance Reporting Guide (“ESG” Guide) issued by the Hong Kong Exchanges and Clearing Limited (“HKEX”). The following content index table presents the associated disclosures either by cross-referring relevant section(s) in this Report and/or by providing direct remarks. Reporting Guide (General Disclosures and KPIs) Reference/*Direct Answer/ Page(s) ^: refer to Annual GRI 101: Foundation 2016 GRI 102: General Disclosures 2016 Activities, brands, products, and Group Profile Business at a Glance Key Franchised Business at a Glance Key Franchised Bus Network in Hong Kong Financial and Operational Highlights B1.1 Information on employees and other B5 General Disclosure, B5.1 Significant changes to the organisation Sustainability Governance Reporting Guide (General Disclosures and KPIs) Reference/*Direct Answer/ Page(s) ^: refer to Annual Group Profile Management Discussion and Analysis About the Report Chairman’s Letter Chairman’s Letter B7 General Values, principles, standards, and Group Profile Legal and Regulatory Compliance Supply Chain Management Procurement and Tendering Procedures Safety First Care for Customers Care for the Environment Care for Employees B7.2 Mechanisms for advice and concerns Sustainability Governance Safety First Stakeholders Engagement and Stakeholders Engagement and Stakeholders Engagement and Materiality Assessment Stakeholders Engagement and Entities included in the consolidated Financial and Operational Highlights Defining report content and topic Reporting Principles Stakeholders Engagement and Reporting Guide (General Disclosures and KPIs) Reference/*Direct Answer/ Page(s) ^: refer to Annual Stakeholders Engagement and Total Water Consumption of KMB & Stakeholder Engagement and * April 2020 Contact point for questions regarding Claims of reporting in accordance with * This report was not externally assured. GRI 201: Economic Performance 2016 Direct economic value generated and GRI 204: Procurement Practices 2016 B5 General Disclosure, B5.2, B5.3, B5.4 Proportion of spending on local B5.1 Number of suppliers by geographical GRI 205: Anti-corruption 2016 Legal and Regulatory Compliance @ Anti-corruption is not considered a material topic. B7 General Disclosure, B7.1 Confirmed incidents of corruption and GRI 301: Materials 2016 @ Materials is not considered a material topic. A2.5 @ Quantitative data of total packaging materials are not available as they are not applicable to KMB & LWB’s business. Reporting Guide (General Disclosures and KPIs) Reference/*Direct Answer/ Page(s) ^: refer to Annual GRI 302: Energy 2016 A2 General Disclosure, A3 General Disclosure, A3.1 Care for Customers A2.1 Energy consumption within the A2.3 A2.3 Reductions in energy requirements of GRI 303: Water and Effluents 2018 A2 General Disclosure, A3 General Disclosure, A3.1 Care for the Environment @ Water and Effluents is not considered a material topic. A2.4 Interactions with water as a shared * All water used at KMB and LWB offices and depots was sourced from municipal water supplies. No major issue concerning sourcing water and water-related impacts has been encountered. Management of water discharge- Care for the Environment * We ensure water discharge to drainage systems and water bodies were in compliance with local government requirements. A2.2 Care for the Environment * No specific regions are water stressed in Hong Kong. GRI 305: Emissions 2016 A1 General Disclosure, A3 General Disclosure, A3.1 A1.2 A1.2 Energy indirect (Scope 2) GHG A1.2 A1.5 A1.1 Nitrogen oxides (NOX), sulfur oxides (SOX), and other significant air Reporting Guide (General Disclosures and KPIs) Reference/*Direct Answer/ Page(s) ^: refer to Annual GRI 306: Waste 2020 A1 General Disclosure, A1.6, A3 General Disclosure, A3.1 Care for the Environment @ Waste is not considered a material topic. A1.3 A1.4 GRI 307: Environmental Compliance 2016 A1 General Supply Chain Management Care for the Environment @ Environmental Compliance is not considered a material topic. A1 General Non-compliance with environmental * There was no non-compliance with local environmental laws and regulations in 2020. GRI: 401 Employment 2016 B1 General Disclosure, B1.1, B4, General Legal and Regulatory Compliance Benefits provided to full-time employees that are not provided to GRI 403: Occupational Health and Safety 2018 B2 General Disclosure, B2.3 Safety First B2.3 Occupational health and safety Hazard identification, risk assessment, Worker participation, consultation, and communication on occupational health Safety First Worker training on occupational health Safety First Prevention and mitigation of occupational health and safety impacts directly linked by business Workers covered by an occupational Reporting Guide (General Disclosures and KPIs) Reference/*Direct Answer/ Page(s) ^: refer to Annual GRI 404: Training and Education 2016 B3 General Safety First B3.1 B3.2 Average hours of training per year per GRI 408: Child Labour 2016 B4 General Disclosure, B4.1, B4.2 Legal and Regulatory Compliance @ Child and forced labour is not considered a material topic. GRI 413: Local Communities 2016 B8 General B8.1 B8.2 Operations with local community engagement, impact assessments, GRI 416: Customer Health and Safety 2016 B6 General Disclosure, B6.1, B6.3, B6.4 Engaging Stakeholders * Products sold or shipped and intellectual property rights are not material to KMB and LWB’s business nature. Assessment of the health and safety impacts of product and service GRI 417: Marketing and Labelling 2016 Incidents of non-compliance * There was no non-compliance with local marketing communications laws and regulations in 2020. GRI 418: Customer Privacy 2016 B6 General Disclosure, B6.5 Safety First @ Customer Privacy is not considered a material topic. Substantiated complaints concerning breaches of customer privacy and Safety First Engaging Stakeholders * There were no significant incidents of non-compliance concerning laws and regulations during the reporting period. Favourable/(Unfavourable) (1,921.3) (23.7) (7,193.5) (7,813.3) (26.9) (32.2) (15.0) (69.8) Income tax credit/(expense) (94.0) Earnings per share (HK$) The Group recorded a non-recurring net gain amounting to HK$1,495.5 million arising from the revaluation and disposal of 50% equity interest in TM Properties Investment Limited, being the wholly-owned subsidiary which holds the Tuen Mun Town Lot No. 80 site in 2020. As a result, the Group’s profit attributable to equity shareholders for the year ended 31 December 2020 was HK$1,904.1 million, an increase of HK$1,298.8 million or 214.6% compared to HK$605.3 million for 2019. Earnings per share increased correspondingly from HK$1.38 for 2019 to HK$4.21 for 2020. Excluding such non-recurring net gain, the profit attributable to equity shareholders for 2020 would have been HK$408.6 million, representing a decrease of HK$196.7 million or 32.5% compared to that for 2019. (exclude property development) Percent % The revenue and underlying profit generated by the Group’s five Divisions for the year ended 31 December 2020 are shown below: (26.9) (32.2) Income tax credit/(expense) (94.0) Segment information on the Group’s main businesses is set out in note 12 to the financial statements on pages 195 to 197 of this Annual Report. Revenue for 2020 amounted to HK$6,190.9 million, a decrease of HK$1,921.3 million or 23.7% compared with HK$8,112.2 million for 2019. The decrease was mainly due to (i) the decrease in revenue from the Group’s franchised public bus operations of HK$1,822.8 million, primarily as a result of patronage drop; and (ii) the decrease in revenue from the Group’s non-franchised transport operations of HK$104.4 million, which partly offset by the increase in rental income arising from the Group’s investment properties of HK$5.9 million. Other income increased by HK$838.5 million from HK$411.1 million in 2019 to HK$1,249.6 million in 2020. The increase was mainly due to the increase in government subsidies of HK$861.3 million from various support schemes rolled out by the Government under the Anti-epidemic Fund to provide financial support to the public transport sector. The breakdown of other income is set out in note 4 to the financial statements on page 187 of this Annual Report. (Restated) Total operating expenses for 2020 amounted to HK$7,193.5 million, a decrease of HK$619.8 million or 7.9% compared to HK$7,813.3 million for 2019. The decrease was mainly due to the decrease in fuel costs, staff costs and toll related expenses as a result of service reductions as well as the decrease in other overheads through implementing various cost control measures to streamline its business. The Group’s share of profits of associates for 2020 amounted to HK$6.5 million, a decrease of HK$15.0 million or 69.8% compared to HK$21.5 million for 2019. Income tax credit for the year amounted to HK$182.0 million (2019: income tax expense of HK$94.0 million). The breakdown of the income tax credit/expense is set out in note 6 to the financial statements on page 190 of this Annual Report. More detailed information in respect of the Group’s individual business units is set out on pages 101 to 106 of this Annual Report. The Board has recommended an ordinary final dividend of HK$0.50 per share (2019: HK$0.70 per share). Subject to the approval of the shareholders at the Annual General Meeting of the Company to be held on 20 May 2021 or at any adjournment thereof, the total dividend for the year will be HK$0.50 per share (2019: HK$1.00 per share). The Company’s intention is to maintain stable returns to shareholders. As at 31 December 2020, the Group’s investment properties, investment property under development, interest in leasehold land and other property, plant and equipment (comprising buildings, buses and other motor vehicles, buses under construction, tools and others) amounted to HK$10,953.6 million (2019: HK$10,154.4 million). The increase was mainly due to the development of Kwun Tong Site and purchase of new buses by KMB and LWB for fleet replacement during the year. None of the assets was pledged or charged as at 31 December 2020. The breakdown of the capital expenditure is shown in note 13 to the financial statements on pages 198 to 203 of this Annual Report. As at 31 December 2020, the Group’s intangible assets and goodwill amounted to HK$365.0 million (2019: HK$365.0 million) and HK$84.1 million (2019: HK$84.1 million) respectively. The intangible assets mainly represent passenger service licences and transport operating rights of the Group’s non-franchised transport operations. HK$270 million (15%) HK$13 million (1%) HK$474 million (26%) HK$1,038 million (58%) HK$281 million (22%) HK$231 million (18%) HK$21 million (2%) HK$742 million (58%) The Group’s total current assets as at 31 December 2020 amounted to HK$3,316.3 million (2019: HK$2,931.3 million), mainly comprising liquid funds of HK$2,293.8 million (2019: HK$1,455.9 million) and accounts receivable of HK$660.5 million (2019: HK$666.7 million). The Group’s liquid funds as at 31 December 2020 were mainly denominated in Hong Kong dollars. Total current liabilities as at 31 December 2020 amounted to HK$3,087.0 million (2019: HK$1,561.9 million), which mainly included accounts payable and accruals, and the current portion of bank loans. As at 31 December 2020, bank loans, all unsecured, amounted to HK$3,082.5 million (2019: HK$2,706.6 million). The maturity profile of the bank loans of the Group as at 31 December 2020 and 31 December 2019 is shown in the chart below: As at 31 December 2020, the Group had undrawn committed banking facilities totalling HK$2,110.0 million (2019: HK$2,280.0 million). The Group’s capital commitments as at 31 December 2020 amounted to HK$2,579.1 million (2019: HK$3,409.9 million). These commitments were mainly in respect of the development of the Kwun Tong Site and the purchase of buses and other motor vehicles, which are to be financed by bank borrowings and from the Group’s internal resources. A summary of the capital commitments is set out below: As at 31 December 2020, the Group had 427 (2019: 514) new buses on order for delivery in 2021. HK$1,399 million (45%) HK$1,087 million (35%) HK$597 million (20%) HK$1,312 million (48%) HK$1,395 million (52%) The Group closely monitors its liquidity requirement and financial resources to ensure that a healthy financial position is maintained such that cash inflows from operating activities together with the Group’s reserves of cash and liquid assets and undrawn committed banking facilities are sufficient to meet the requirements for loan repayments, daily operational needs and capital expenditure as well as potential business expansion and development. The Group’s operations are mainly financed by shareholders’ funds and bank loans. In general, major operating companies of the Group arrange their own financing to meet their operational and specific needs. The Group’s other subsidiaries are mainly financed by the Company’s capital base. The Group reviews its funding policy from time to time to ensure that cost-efficient and flexible funding is available to cater for the unique operating environment of each subsidiary. As at 31 December 2020, the Group’s net borrowing (i.e. total borrowings less cash and deposits at banks) amounted to HK$788.8 million (2019: HK$1,250.7 million) with a liquidity ratio (the ratio of current assets to current liabilities) of 1.1 (2019: 1.9). The details of the Group’s net cash/net borrowing position by currency are set out as follows: Cash and deposits at bank in foreign Cash and Net cash/(Net borrowing) At 31 December 2020 (3,082.5) (1,336.5) (3,082.5) (788.8) At 31 December 2019 (2,706.6) (1,569.7) (2,706.6) (1,250.7) The finance costs incurred by the Group for the year ended 31 December 2020 were HK$26.9 million, a decrease of HK$5.3 million compared with HK$32.2 million for 2019. The decrease was mainly due to the decrease in the average interest rate from 2.74% per annum for 2019 to 1.68% per annum for 2020 but was partly offset by the increase in average bank borrowings of the Group. For the year ended 31 December 2020, the Group’s interest income exceeded the total finance costs by HK$49.7 million (2019: HK$55.2 million). For 2020, there was a net increase of HK$589.3 million (2019: HK$316.9 million) in cash and cash equivalents. The sources are set out below: Net cash generated from/(used in): (827.0) (941.5) (181.3) The main components of the net cash inflow of HK$589.3 million (2019: HK$316.9 million) included: (i) net cash generated from operating activities of the franchised public bus operations of HK$1,006.6 million (2019: HK$1,367.1 million); (ii) payment of capital expenditure of HK$1,648.4 million (2019: HK$1,248.3 million); (iii) increase of HK$43.7 million (2019: decrease of HK$183.0 million) in bank deposits with original maturities of over three months; (iv) proceeds received on the maturity of debt securities of HK$722.8 million (2019: HK$231.1 million); (v) purchase of debt securities of HK$438.3 million (2019: HK$237.1 million); (vi) increase of HK$370.0 million in bank loans (2019: HK$75.0 million); (vii) proceeds received from disposal of a subsidiary of HK$744.7 million (2019: Nil); and (viii) payment of dividends of HK$149.2 million (2019: HK$261.2 million). Details of the Group’s cash flow movement for the year ended 31 December 2020 are set out in the consolidated cash flow statement on page 166 of this Annual Report. The Group’s activities are exposed to various financial risks, including foreign currency, interest rate, fuel price, credit and liquidity risks. The Group’s exposure to these risks as well as its risk management policies and practices are described below: The Group is exposed to foreign currency risk primarily through purchases of new buses and motor vehicle components from overseas, investments in debt securities and deposits placed at banks that are denominated in a foreign currency. The currencies giving rise to this risk are primarily British Pounds Sterling (GBP) and United States dollars (USD). In respect of its exposure in GBP used for bus purchases, the Group’s treasury team will enter into forward foreign exchange contracts in a strategic manner when appropriate. As at 31 December 2020, the Group had outstanding GBP forward contracts totalling GBP15.2 million (2019: Nil), which had maturities of less than one year after the end of the reporting period. (Franchised public bus operations) The Group closely monitors the market conditions and devises suitable strategies to manage its exposure to interest rate risk. Different techniques and instruments, including natural hedges achieved by spreading loans over different rollover periods and maturity dates, and derivative financial instruments such as interest rate swaps will be considered as and when appropriate. As at 31 December 2020, all of the Group’s borrowings were denominated in Hong Kong dollars and on a floating interest rate basis. The Group regularly reviews its strategy on interest rate risk management in the light of the prevailing market condition. The Group’s major subsidiary, KMB, has been assigned an “A” credit rating with stable outlook by Standard & Poor’s since 14 January 2002. The credit rating agency viewed KMB as an integrated economic entity of Transport International Holdings Limited. Accordingly, the rating of KMB also reflects the Group’s credit profile. The impact of fuel price movements on the results of the Group’s core franchised public bus operations can be significant. Although exposure to fluctuations in the fuel price might be managed by the use of fuel derivatives, the Group has carefully evaluated and considered the pros and cons of entering into fuel price hedging arrangements and concluded that fuel price hedging would be equally as risky as not hedging, and would not necessarily result in a better financial position for the Group in the long term. Alternatively, the Group has entered into contracts with diesel suppliers for the supply of diesel. A price cap arrangement, which enables the Group to benefit from the fall in international fuel oil prices while limiting risk exposure in the event that oil prices rise above the cap level, has been introduced in these contracts. Management will continue to closely monitor fuel price movements and constantly review its strategy in respect of fuel price risk management in the light of prevailing market condition. The Group’s credit risk is primarily attributable to trade and other receivables and debt investments. Management has a credit policy in place under which exposure to credit risk is monitored on an ongoing basis. In respect of trade and other receivables, credit evaluations are performed on major customers requiring credit over a certain amount. Regular reviews and any necessary follow-up action are carried out on overdue amounts to minimise the Group’s exposure to credit risk. An ageing analysis of the receivables is prepared on a regular basis and is closely monitored to minimise any credit risk associated with these receivables. The Group has established treasury management guidelines for investment of surplus cash reserves in debt securities for yield enhancement purposes. Limits are set for the total portfolio size and individual debt security to minimise the overall risk as well as the concentration risk. The credit ratings of the debt issuers and market news relating to them, as available, are closely monitored over the life of the transactions. Cash at bank and bank deposits are placed with licensed financial institutions with high credit ratings and the Group monitors the exposure to each financial institution. The Group does not provide guarantees to third parties which would expose the Group to credit risk. The Group closely monitors its liquidity and financial resources to ensure that a healthy financial position is maintained such that cash inflows from operating activities together with undrawn committed banking facilities are sufficient to meet the requirements for loan repayments, daily operational needs, capital expenditure and dividend payments as well as potential business expansion and development. Major operating companies of the Group arrange for their own financing to meet specific requirements. The Group’s other subsidiaries are mainly financed by the Company’s capital base. The Group reviews its strategy from time to time to ensure that cost-efficient funding is available to cater for the unique operating environment of each subsidiary. Running a transport operation is a labour intensive business, and staff costs accounted for about 60% (2019: 58%) of the total operating expenses of the Group in 2020. The Group closely monitors its headcount and staff remuneration in line with productivity and the prevailing market trends. The Group’s total remuneration excluding retirement costs and equity-settled share-based payment expenses for 2020 amounted to HK$4,119.9 million (2019: HK$4,280.9 million), representing a decrease of 3.8%. As at 31 December 2020, the Group employed over 13,000 staff (2019: over 13,000 staff). The Kowloon Motor Bus Company (1933) Limited (“KMB”) (6,541.7) (6,982.7) (26.8) (32.1) Income tax credit/(expense) (62.2) KMB recorded a profit after taxation of HK$203.3 million for 2020, representing a decrease of HK$111.6 million or 35.4% compared with HK$314.9 million for 2019. If government subsidies of HK$895.5 million (2019: HK$137.1 million) were excluded, KMB would record a loss after taxation of HK$692.2 million, representing a decline of HK$870.0 million compared with a profit after taxation of HK$177.8 million for 2019. KMB’s fare revenue for 2020 was HK$5,308.4 million, a decrease of HK$1,558.1 million or 22.7% compared with HK$6,866.5 million for 2019. The decrease was mainly due to the outbreak of COVID-19 and the corresponding anti-epidemic measures implemented by the Government, including suspension of schools, stringent border control measures and work from home arrangements, which resulted in a significant drop in bus patronage. As a result, KMB’s total ridership decreased by 24.0% to 777.5 million passenger trips (a daily average of 2.12 million passenger trips) as compared with 1,022.9 million passenger trips (a daily average of 2.80 million passenger trips) for 2019. Other income for 2020 included subsidies in respect of actual expenditures incurred on fuel, wages, as well as regular repair and maintenance and insurance premium, amounting to HK$895.5 million from the Government (2019: HK$137.1 million). Total operating expenses for 2020 amounted to HK$6,541.7 million, a decrease of HK$441.0 million or 6.3% compared with HK$6,982.7 million for 2019. The decrease was mainly attributable to the decrease in fuel costs of HK$259.3 million as a result of the fall in international fuel prices, the decrease in other operating expenses resulting from the implementation of a number of cost control measures, the decrease in provision for third party liabilities as a result of the implementation of various bus safety measures as well as regular trainings resulted in lower business risks associated with operations; but was partly offset by the increase in depreciation charges. The increase in depreciation charges was mainly attributable to the purchase of new buses for replacement but the impact was lessen following the review of the estimated useful lives of fixed assets to better reflect the actual usage experience. Long Win Bus Company Limited (“LWB”) (470.9) (594.1) (16.2) (0.1) (0.1) (16.3) Income tax credit/(expense) (10.7) The profit after taxation of LWB for 2020 was HK$0.6 million, representing a decrease of HK$53.1 million or 98.9% compared with HK$53.7 million for 2019. If government subsidies of HK$74.7 million (2019: HK$13.0 million) were excluded, LWB would record a loss after taxation of HK$74.1 million, representing a decline of HK$114.8 million compared with a profit after taxation of HK$40.7 million for 2019. LWB’s fare revenue for 2020 was HK$346.1 million, a decrease of HK$292.0 million or 45.8% compared with HK$638.1 million for 2019. The decline was mainly due to decrease in ridership as a result of the outbreak of COVID-19 which cause the significant decrease in transport demand, in particular for the A-route network, resulting from various anti-epidemic measures implemented by the Government at several boundary control points including the airport as well as the Hong Kong Port of the Hong Kong-Zhuhai- Macao Bridge. LWB recorded a total ridership of 28.2 million passenger trips (a daily average of 77,000 passenger trips) for 2020, as compared with 45.8 million passenger trips (a daily average of 125,500 passenger trips) for 2019. Other income for 2020 included subsidies in respect of actual expenditures incurred on fuel, wages, as well as regular repair and maintenance and insurance premium, amounting to HK$74.7 million from the Government (2019: HK$13.0 million). Total operating expenses for 2020 amounted to HK$470.9 million, a decrease of HK$123.2 million or 20.7% compared with HK$594.1 million for 2019. The decrease in operating expenses was primarily due to the decrease in fuel costs as a result of reduction in international fuel prices and fuel consumption, and the decrease in other operating expenses through service reductions and cost control measures. The Group’s Non-franchised Transport Operations Division reported a profit after taxation of HK$41.5 million for 2020, representing an increase of HK$1.7 million or 4.3% compared with HK$39.8 million for 2019. A review of the operations of the principal business units in this Division is set out as follows: Sun Bus Holdings Limited and its Subsidiaries (the “SBH Group”) The SBH Group is a leading non-franchised bus operator in Hong Kong. With Sun Bus Limited as its flagship company, the SBH Group provides customised transport services to a wide range of customers, including large residential estates, shopping malls, major employers, travel agents and schools, as well as the general public through chartered hire services. The revenue of the SBH Group for 2020 decreased by 23.6% compared with 2019. The decrease was mainly attributable to the decline in both local business and cross-boundary services as a result of the outbreak of COVID-19. Total operating expenses for 2020 decreased by 14.0% compared with 2019 as management implemented various cost control measures to streamline its business. In 2020, SBH Group continued to modernise its bus fleet with the latest Euro VI buses. As at 31 December 2020, the SBH Group had a fleet of 390 buses (2019: 390 buses). New Hong Kong Bus Company Limited (“NHKB”) NHKB jointly operates with its Shenzhen counterpart a direct, economical, 24-hour cross-boundary shuttle bus service (commonly known as the “Huang Bus” service) serving regular commuters and leisure travellers between Lok Ma Chau in Hong Kong and Huanggang ( ) in Shenzhen. The revenue of NHKB for 2020 decreased by 92.7% compared with 2019. The decrease was primarily attributable to the suspension of Huang Bus service with effect from 4 February 2020 as the immigration clearance service for passenger at Lok Ma Chau Control Point was suspended by the Government as part of its anti-epidemic measures. As at 31 December 2020, NHKB had a fleet of 15 buses (2019: 15 buses). (Franchised public bus operations) (Franchised public bus operations) Excluding a non-recurring net gain amounting to HK$1,495.5 million arising from the revaluation and disposal of 50% equity interest in TM Properties Investment Limited, the Group’s Property Holdings and Development Division reported a profit after taxation of HK$52.8 million for 2020, representing a decrease of HK$2.0 million or 3.6% compared with HK$54.8 million for 2019. A review of the Group’s investment properties is set out as follows: LCK Commercial Properties Limited (“LCKCP”) LCKCP, a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Group, is the owner of “Manhattan Mid-town”, the commercial complex of Manhattan Hill. The 50,000 square feet shopping mall has provided Manhattan Hill residents and other shoppers with high quality retail facilities since its opening in March 2009. As at 31 December 2020, the entire lettable area of the shopping mall was leased out, generating a stream of recurring rental income for the Group. As at 31 December 2020, the carrying value of the shopping mall (classified as investment property on the consolidated statement of financial position), stated at cost less accumulated depreciation, amounted to HK$73.5 million (2019: HK$76.0 million). LCK Real Estate Limited (“LCKRE”) LCKRE, a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Group, is the owner of a 17-storey commercial office building at 9 Po Lun Street, Lai Chi Kok, Kowloon, which has a total gross floor area of about 156,700 square feet. Approximately 12% of the gross floor area is used by the Group as headquarters with the remaining gross floor area leased out to offices, shops and restaurants. As at 31 December 2020, the carrying value of the building stated at cost less accumulated depreciation, amounted to HK$26.5 million (2019: HK$29.4 million). KT Real Estate Limited (“KTRE”) KTRE, a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Group, together with Turbo Result Limited (“TRL”), a subsidiary of Sun Hung Kai Properties Limited (“SHKP”), owns Kwun Tong Inland Lot No. 240, No. 98 How Ming Street, Kowloon, Hong Kong (the “Kwun Tong Site”) in equal shares as tenants in common. On 11 December 2009, KTRE, TRL, the Company and SHKP entered into an agreement to jointly develop the Kwun Tong Site for non-residential (excluding hotel) purposes (the “Development”). Sun Hung Kai Real Estate Agency Limited, a wholly-owned subsidiary of SHKP, has been appointed as the project manager to oversee the Development. The Group intends to hold the Development for long-term investment purposes. On 4 August 2016, KTRE and TRL accepted the offer from the Lands Department for the grant of lease modification for the Kwun Tong Site from industrial to non-residential use (excluding hotel, petrol filling station and residential care home) at a land premium of HK$4,305.0 million. 50% of such land premium, which amounted to HK$2,152.5 million, was borne by KTRE. On 20 December 2018, KTRE and TRL engaged Yee Fai Construction Company Limited, a wholly-owned subsidiary of SHKP, to carry out and perform construction works for the Development at a contract sum of approximately HK$4,436.0 million (i.e. approximately HK$2,218.0 million by each of KTRE and TRL) (the “Building Contract”), subject to adjustments in accordance with the Building Contract. The Building Contract was approved by independent shareholders of the Group on 1 February 2019. The basement, superstructure and office tower construction works are underway. The occupation permit is expected to be obtained in 2022. As at 31 December 2020, the carrying value of the Kwun Tong Site (classified as investment property under development on the consolidated statement of financial position) amounted to HK$3,005.4 million (2019: HK$2,531.6 million). TM Properties Investment Limited (“TMPI”) TMPI is jointly owned by TM Properties Holdings Limited (“TMPH”), an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of the Group, and Mega Odyssey Limited (“Mega Odyssey”), an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of SHKP subsequent to the disposal of TMPH’s 50% equity interest in TMPI to Mega Odyssey which completed on 29 December 2020. Upon completion, TMPI becomes a 50%-owned joint venture of the Group. TMPI is the owner of an industrial property at 1 Kin Fung Circuit, Tuen Mun. The property, comprising a single-storey high ceiling structure and a three-storey workshop building with a total gross floor area of about 105,364 square feet, has been leased out to generate rental income for the Group since March 2011. The Group’s China Mainland Transport Operations Division reported a profit after taxation of HK$6.5 million for 2020, representing a decrease of HK$15.0 million or 69.8% compared with HK$21.5 million for 2019. As at 31 December 2020, the Group’s total interests in associates within the China Mainland Transport Operations Division amounted to HK$656.6 million (2019: HK$611.9 million). Such investments are mainly related to the operation of public transport services in Shenzhen, and taxi and car rental services in Beijing. Summary of Investments in China Mainland Transport Operations as at 31 December 2020 Sino-foreign joint stock Sino-foreign joint stock January 2005 April 2003 The Group’s investment cost (RMB million) Fleet size at year-end 2020 (Number of vehicles) Bus passenger volume (Million trips) Bus kilometres travelled (Million km) Staff number at year-end 2020 Shenzhen Bus Group Company Limited SZBG, which commenced operations in January 2005, is a Sino-foreign joint stock company formed by KMB (Shenzhen) Transport Investment Limited ( ), a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Group, and four other China Mainland investors. The Group has invested RMB387.1 million (equivalent to HK$363.9 million at the investment date) in SZBG, representing a stake of 35%. SZBG mainly provides public bus, minibus and taxi services in Shenzhen City, Guangdong Province ( ), operating a fleet of over 5,000 buses running on around 300 routes and over 5,000 taxis. Due to the outbreak of COVID-19 in early 2020, the number of patronage of SZBG including its bus and taxi operation decreased by 31.7% to 487.0 million in 2020 as compared to 713.3 million in 2019. The number of patronage has been improving gradually since July 2020 as a result of the effective containment of COVID-19. Beijing Beiqi Kowloon Taxi Company Limited BBKT, a Sino-foreign joint stock company, was established in Beijing in March 2003. BBKT’s shareholders include KMB (Beijing) Taxi Investment Limited ( ), a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Group, and four other China Mainland investors. The Group has invested RMB80.0 million (equivalent to HK$75.5 million at the investment date) in BBKT, representing an equity interest of 31.38%. BBKT operated both taxi hire and car rental businesses in Beijing until April 2013, when, to sharpen its focus on the business opportunities provided by the booming but challenging car rental market, BBKT spun off its car rental business to another Sino-foreign joint stock company, namely Beijing Beiqi First Company Limited ( ), which has the same shareholding structure as BBKT. Due to the outbreak of COVID-19, the performance of BBKT dropped significantly in early 2020 but has improved gradually since last quarter of 2020. As at 31 December 2020, BBKT had a fleet of over 3,700 taxis and 3,000 employees. Beijing Beiqi First Company Limited Established in April 2013 as a Sino-foreign joint stock company with the same shareholding structure as BBKT, BBF operates the car rental business formerly undertaken by BBKT. With ISO 9001:2008 certification for management systems in car rental services, BBF is well placed to take advantage of the business opportunities afforded by business commuters as well as by the wide variety of events, conferences and exhibitions that are held in the capital. As at 31 December 2020, BBF had over 1,100 vehicles available for charter mainly in Beijing and Tianjin. The particulars of the following connected transactions and continuing connected transactions of the Group are set out below in compliance with the reporting requirements of Chapter 14A of the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the “Listing Rules”): Transactions with Sun Hung Kai Properties Insurance Limited (“SHKPI”) As described in note 34(a) to the financial statements on pages 235 and 236 of this Annual Report, on 1 November 2017, the Group entered into an insurance policy with SHKPI, pursuant to which the Group maintained medical and dental insurance coverage with SHKPI from 1 January 2018 to 31 December 2019 (the “2018/19 Medical and Dental Insurance Arrangement”). On 1 November 2018, the Group entered into various insurance policies with SHKPI, pursuant to which SHKPI agreed to provide to the Group a motor vehicle third party and passengers’ liability insurance and an employees’ compensation insurance coverage from 1 January 2019 to 31 December 2020 (the “2019/20 Insurance Arrangements”). On 1 November 2019, the Group entered into an insurance policy with SHKPI, pursuant to which the Group maintained medical and dental insurance coverage with SHKPI from 1 January 2020 to 31 December 2021 (the “2020/21 Medical and Dental Insurance Arrangement”). On 3 November 2020, the Group entered into various insurance policies with SHKPI, pursuant to which SHKPI agreed to provide to the Group a motor vehicle third party and passengers’ liability insurance and an employees’ compensation insurance from 1 January 2021 to 31 December 2022 (the “2021/22 Insurance Arrangements”). The transactions contemplated under the 2018/19 Medical and Dental Insurance Arrangement, 2019/20 Insurance Arrangements, 2020/21 Medical and Dental Insurance Arrangement and 2021/22 Insurance Arrangements constitute continuing connected transactions of the Company, particulars of which were disclosed in the announcements of the Company dated 1 November 2017, 1 November 2018, 1 November 2019 and 3 November 2020 respectively. The cap amounts of the insurance premium payable by the Group to SHKPI under the 2018/19 Medical and Dental Insurance Arrangement for the years ended 31 December 2018 and 2019 as disclosed in the announcement dated 1 November 2017 were HK$22,944,545 and HK$22,944,545 respectively. Such annual cap amounts were determined with reference to the estimated medical and dental needs of the Group’s employees for such periods, the insurance premium rates as specified under the 2018/19 Medical and Dental Insurance Arrangement and the historical transaction with another insurer in respect of similar medical and dental insurance coverage provided to the Group. For the year ended 31 December 2020, the insurance premium paid and payable to SHKPI under the 2018/19 Medical and Dental Insurance Arrangement was HK$Nil (2019: HK$20,954,000). The cap amounts of the insurance premium payable by the Group to SHKPI under the 2019/20 Insurance Arrangements for the years ended 31 December 2019 and 2020 as disclosed in the announcement dated 1 November 2018 were HK$90,000,000 and HK$93,000,000 respectively. Such annual cap amounts are determined mainly with reference to the historical transaction amounts, the estimated business requirements of the Group, including the estimated vehicles, staffing and fixed assets requirements, and the insurance premium rates as specified under the 2019/20 Insurance Arrangements. For the year ended 31 December 2020, the insurance premium paid and payable to SHKPI under the 2019/20 Insurance Arrangements was HK$90,454,000 (2019: HK$86,030,000). The cap amounts of the insurance premium payable by the Group to SHKPI under the 2020/21 Medical and Dental Insurance Arrangement for the year ended 31 December 2020 and the year ending 31 December 2021 as disclosed in the announcement dated 1 November 2019 were HK$22,090,000 and HK$22,090,000 respectively. Such annual cap amounts were determined with reference to the estimated medical and dental needs of the Group’s employees for such periods, the insurance premium rates as specified under the 2020/21 Medical and Dental Insurance Arrangement and the historical transaction amount under the 2018/19 Medical and Dental Insurance Arrangement. For the year ended 31 December 2020, the insurance premium paid and payable to SHKPI under 2020/21 Medical and Dental Insurance Arrangement was HK$21,428,000. The cap amounts of the insurance premium payable by the Group to SHKPI under the 2021/22 Insurance Arrangements for the years ending 31 December 2021 and 2022 as disclosed in the announcement dated 3 November 2020 were HK$132,500,000 and HK$99,500,000 respectively. Such annual cap amounts are determined mainly with reference to the historical transaction amounts, the estimated business requirements of the Group, including the estimated vehicles, staffing and fixed assets requirements, and the insurance premium rates as specified under the 2021/22 Insurance Arrangements. The insurance premium paid and payable by the Group under the 2018/19 Medical and Dental Insurance Arrangement, 2019/20 Insurance Arrangements, 2020/21 Medical and Dental Insurance Arrangement and 2021/22 Insurance Arrangements was and will be satisfied by internal resources of the Group. The transactions under the 2018/19 Medical and Dental Insurance Arrangement, 2019/20 Insurance Arrangements, 2020/21 Medical and Dental Insurance Arrangement and 2021/22 Insurance Arrangements are only subject to the reporting, announcement and annual review requirements of the Listing Rules and are exempt from the independent shareholders’ approval requirement. (b) SUN BUS LIMITED, HOI TAI TOURS LIMITED, KING YIP TRAVEL COMPANY LIMITED, CAG LIMITED, BUN TANG BUS SERVICE COMPANY LIMITED, FRONTIER TRANSPORTATION LIMITED and SAU LUEN P.L.B. COMPANY LIMITED (collectively “Sun Bus Group”) Shuttle Bus Services Agreements with certain subsidiaries of Sun Hung Kai Properties Limited (“SHKP”) As described in note 34(a) to the financial statements on pages 235 and 236 of this Annual Report, Sun Bus Group (a series of indirect wholly-owned subsidiaries of the Company) has entered into various shuttle bus service contracts (“Shuttle Bus Services Agreements”) with certain subsidiaries of SHKP, pursuant to which Sun Bus Group agreed to provide and operate various shuttle bus services for the period from 1 March 2019 to 20 March 2022. The service fees for the provision of the shuttle bus services were charged in accordance with the rates specified in the relevant contracts, ranging from approximately HK$350 to HK$530 per hour per bus, which were determined after taking into account factors such as the number and model of buses requested, the days and hours of services requested, the relevant costs and expected loads and routes, using the prevailing market rates as a price indicator, namely, the service fees charged for similar bus operations in the market. The transactions contemplated under the Shuttle Bus Services Agreements constitute continuing connected transactions of the Company, particulars of which were disclosed in the announcement of the Company dated 20 August 2020. The cap amounts estimated to be receivable by Sun Bus Group under the Shuttle Bus Services Agreements for the year ended 31 December 2020 and two years ending 31 December 2021 and 2022 as disclosed in the announcement dated 20 August 2020 were HK$6,850,114, HK$4,206,232 and HK$244,413 respectively. Such cap amounts were determined with reference to (i) the rates specified in the relevant contracts; and (ii) the expected demand for the services. For the year ended 31 December 2020, the service fees received or receivable by Sun Bus Group (inclusive of the fees for basic services, overtime services, on-demand additional services, and toll charges) under the Shuttle Bus Services Agreements amounted to HK$6,299,000 (2019: HK$10,979,000). The transactions contemplated under the Shuttle Bus Services Agreements are only subject to the reporting, announcement and annual review requirements of the Listing Rules and are exempt from the independent shareholders’ approval requirement. (c) TM PROPERTIES INVESTMENT LIMITED (“TMPI”) As described in note 35 to the financial statements on page 237 of this Annual Report, on 9 November 2020, TM Properties Holdings Limited (“TMPH”) (an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company), Mega Odyssey Limited (“Mega Odyssey”) (an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of SHKP), the Company and SHKP entered into the sale and purchase agreement (the “Sale and Purchase Agreement”) pursuant to which (i) TMPH agreed to sell and Mega Odyssey agreed to purchase one issued ordinary share of TMPI (representing 50% of the entire issued share capital of TMPI); and (ii) TMPH agreed to assign and Mega Odyssey agreed to take the assignment of 50% of the loan owing by TMPI to TMPH (which is unsecured, interest-free and repayable on demand) for a total consideration of HK$750,512,189, subject to adjustment. On 29 December 2020, TMPH, Mega Odyssey, the Company, SHKP and TMPI entered into a shareholders agreement (the “Shareholders Agreement”) in respect of the management of TMPI and the development of a property located at Tuen Mun Town Lot No. 80, No. 1 Kin Fung Circuit, Tuen Mun for office, shop and services uses (subject to obtaining the relevant approvals from HKSAR Government). The project costs are currently estimated by an independent quantity surveyor to be approximately HK$5,800,000,000 and shall be borne by TMPH and Mega Odyssey in equal shares. The transactions contemplated under the Sale and Purchase Agreement constitute both a major transaction and connected transaction of the Company under the Listing Rules which are subject to reporting, announcement and independent shareholders’ approval requirements. Particulars of the transactions contemplated under the Sale and Purchase Agreement were disclosed in the announcement and circular of the Company dated 9 November 2020 and 27 November 2020 respectively and such transactions were approved by independent shareholders at the special general meeting of the Company held on 17 December 2020. In compliance with the Listing Rules, the Directors, including the Independent Non-executive Directors, have reviewed and confirmed the following: 1. The foregoing continuing connected transactions conducted during the year ended 31 December 2020 with SHKPI and certain subsidiaries of SHKP were entered into: (i) in the ordinary and usual course of the business of the Group; (iii) in accordance with the relevant agreements governing them on terms that are fair and reasonable and in the interests of the Group and the shareholders of the Company as a whole; 2. the annual insurance premium paid and payable by the Group to SHKPI under the 2019/20 Insurance Arrangements and 2020/21 Medical and Dental Insurance Arrangement for the year ended 31 December 2020 did not exceed the cap amounts of HK$93,000,000 and HK$22,090,000 respectively as disclosed in the announcement dated 1 November 2018 3. the service fees received and receivable by Sun Bus Group (inclusive of the fees for basic services, overtime services, on-demand additional services, and toll charges) from certain subsidiaries of SHKP under the Shuttle Bus Services Agreements for the year ended 31 December 2020 did not exceed the cap amount of HK$6,850,114 as disclosed in the announcement dated 20 August 2020. The Company’s auditor was engaged to report on the Group’s continuing connected transactions in accordance with Hong Kong Standard on Assurance Engagements 3000 (Revised) “Assurance Engagements Other Than Audits or Reviews of Historical Financial Information” and with reference to Practice Note 740 “Auditor’s Letter on Continuing Connected Transactions under the Hong Kong Listing Rules” issued by the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants. The auditor has issued an unqualified letter containing its findings and conclusions in respect of the continuing connected transactions conducted during the year ended 31 December 2020 as set out above in accordance with Rule 14A.56 of the Listing Rules. A copy of the auditor’s letter has been provided by the Company to The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited. Good corporate governance is the foundation of business success as it provides the basis for stakeholder confidence and sustainable returns for shareholders. To achieve this goal, Board members and staff observe a set of sound policies, procedures and rules. The Group also takes into account the interests of stakeholders when setting long term business goals. The Group’s Corporate Governance Framework (the “Framework”) is built on principles of accountability, transparency and integrity, with the aim of identifying all the key participants in good governance, their correlation and their contribution to the application of effective governance policies and processes. The Board and senior management use the Framework as a performance-oriented benchmark in evaluating the achievement of the Group’s business goals. In response to changes in regulatory requirements, environmental needs, social expectations and international relations, the Group regularly reviews the Framework, updates its management policies and practices, and ensures that the same are closely followed at all levels throughout the Group. The corporate governance objectives are achieved primarily through implementation of the following measures: Maintenance of a diverse and optimal board composition, establishment of efficient management reporting systems and retention of a professional management team to ensure that the Directors are sufficiently informed prior to making decisions in the best interests of the stakeholders; Establishment of thorough internal audit and control systems to safeguard against risks, protect the assets of the Group and ensure that its policies and management practices are executed as planned and that any irregularities, deviations, material Establishment of transparent and effective communication channels to ensure that the Group’s affairs are brought to the attention of shareholders, customers and other stakeholders. The Company abides by the corporate governance principles contained in the Corporate Governance Code (the “CG Code”) of the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the “Listing Rules”). The CG Code sets out the principles of good corporate governance with two levels of recommendations: (a) “Code Provisions” and (b) “Recommended Best Practices”. The Company complied with all applicable Code Provisions throughout the year ended 31 December 2020, except that four Directors of the Company were unable to attend the Annual General Meeting of the Company held on 21 May 2020 (the “2020 AGM”) as provided for in Code Provision A.6.7 owing to other engagements. The composition of the Board represents a balance of high calibre executive and non-executive directors possessing relevant skills, industry knowledge, first-hand experience and a diversity of perspectives which are essential to the businesses of the Group. As at 31 December 2020, the Board comprised 15 members, including 5 Independent Non-executive Directors, 9 Non-executive Directors and 1 Executive Director. Day-to-day management of the Group’s businesses is delegated to the senior management under the supervision of four designated Board Committees: the Standing Committee, the Audit and Risk Management Committee, the Remuneration Committee and the Nomination Committee. The Board of Directors and the Board Committees are chaired by Independent Non-executive Directors. The compositions of the Board and Board Committees at 31 December 2020 are stated below: Independent Non-executive Non-executive Executive Board Committees: While the Non-executive Directors are not involved in the day-to-day management of the Group’s businesses, they serve as custodians of the governance process by scrutinising the management’s performance in meeting agreed corporate goals and objectives. Their contribution is made, among other ways, by attending Board meetings, at which they provide independent views on various matters relating to the Group’s strategy, policy, performance, accountability, resources, key appointments and standards of conduct. The term of appointment of Non-executive Directors is for a period of three years. Independent Non-executive Directors review issues that come before the Board critically and objectively. In particular, they ensure that the general interests of shareholders are fully considered by the Board. They also check that connected transactions and other issues are subject to impartial and thorough contemplation by the Board. Independent Non-executive Directors are identified in all corporate communications. Pursuant to Rule 3.13 of the Listing Rules, the Company considers all Independent Non-executive Directors to be independent, as all of them have confirmed their independence in writing to both the Stock Exchange and the Company. The Company complies with the requirement in the Listing Rules that at least one-third of the Board members should be Independent Non-executive Directors. In accordance with Code Provision I(h) of Appendix 14 of the Listing Rules, the relationship between members of the Board is disclosed in the Directors’ Profiles section of the Annual Report. Diverse board composition ensures a wide range of business and professional experience in the Board, so that the decision- making process includes different perspectives and supports the achievement of the Company’s strategic objectives. All Board appointments are merit-based. The Company has adopted a Board Diversity Policy that takes into account, among other aspects, each candidate’s gender, age, cultural and educational background, professional experience, skills, knowledge and length of service. All candidates are considered against these criteria. In 2020, the Nomination Committee reviewed the Board Diversity Policy and confirmed that the selection of board members would continue to be based on merit with reference to such policy. This policy can be found on the Company’s website. The Executive and Non-executive Directors have a diverse background. Each of them possesses a depth of relevant experience and expertise necessary to oversee the businesses of the Group. The current mix of Board members represents a balance of business, academia and the professions, which helps to deliver sustainable value and safeguard shareholders’ interests. The age group and gender diversity of the Board of Directors as at 31 December 2020 are set out below: Over 70 The Board promotes the success of the Group by directing and supervising its affairs in a responsible and effective manner. The primary responsibilities of the Board are as follows: setting the Group’s values and standards; giving the management objectives and directions; monitoring management performance; managing relationships with stakeholders, including shareholders, the HKSAR Government, employees and the community; establishing appropriate policies to manage risks in pursuit of the Group’s strategic objectives; reviewing the effectiveness of internal controls and risk management procedures; reviewing and approving the accounts of the Group; ensuring the integrity of the Group’s financial reporting system and public announcements; approving major financing arrangements; setting dividend policy. The Chairman and the Managing Director are two distinct posts, separately held by Dr Norman LEUNG Nai Pang, GBS, JP, an Independent Non-executive Director, and Mr Roger LEE Chak Cheong, an Executive Director. Neither of them has any financial, business, family or other relationship with each other. There is a clear distinction between the roles of the Chairman and the Managing Director. The responsibilities of the Chairman and the Managing Director are defined in writing and summarised below: Responsibilities of the Chairman: chairing the Board and shareholders’ meetings (ensuring that the views and concerns of Board members and shareholders are expressed at these meetings); ensuring that the operations of the Board are managed effectively by discussing all principal and appropriate issues in a timely manner; ensuring that all Directors receive adequate, accurate, clear, complete and reliable information in a timely manner; facilitating effective communication with shareholders and ensuring that shareholders’ views are adequately reflected to the ensuring that all corporate governance practices adopted by the Board are implemented. Responsibilities of the Managing Director: realising the long-term objectives and priorities set by the Board by developing and implementing the Group’s policies and strategies; providing salient, accurate, timely and succinct information for the Board to monitor the performance of the management; leading an effective and professional executive team in the management of the Group’s day-to-day businesses; closely monitoring the operational and financial results in accordance with plans and budgets; maintaining regular dialogue with the Chairman on important and strategic issues faced by the Group, and bringing the same to the Board’s attention; managing the Company’s relationships with its diverse stakeholders. The Chairman also meets once a year with the Independent Non-executive Directors, in the absence of the Non-executive Directors and the Executive Director, to discuss the Group’s business affairs. For 2020, the meeting was held on 17 December 2020. A Board meeting is generally held every other month, where Board members meet to discuss major corporate, strategic and operational matters and evaluate investment opportunities. All Board meetings are conducted according to the procedures laid down in the Company’s Bye-laws and the Code Provisions contained in the CG Code. At the beginning of every year, all Board members will be provided with the schedule of regular Board meetings. They will be duly informed of any amendments to the schedule at least 14 days before the relevant meeting. The agenda for regular Board meetings is consolidated by the Company Secretary for approval by the Chairman. All Directors are entitled to put forward items for inclusion in the agenda of Board meetings. A Notice of Board meeting is delivered to each Director one month in advance of the scheduled meeting date together with the agenda. Detailed discussion papers for the Board meeting are circulated 7 days prior to the meeting to ensure that the Directors have sufficient time to consider the items for discussion and make decisions in the best interests of the Company. At the Board meetings, senior management together with the relevant corporate executives report to the Board on the operational and financial performance of the Group’s various business areas. The Company Secretary prepares draft minutes of Board meetings, which record the matters considered by the Board and the decisions reached as well as any concerns raised or dissenting views expressed by the Directors. The draft minutes are circulated to the Directors for their comments. The final version of the draft minutes is submitted to the Board at the ensuing meeting for formal adoption. The adopted minutes are kept by the Company Secretary, and are available for inspection by the Directors. The Company’s Bye-laws provide that all Directors are required to declare the nature and extent of their interests, if any, in any transaction, arrangement or other proposal to be discussed at a Board meeting and to abstain from voting on relevant resolutions if they have a conflict of interest or a material interest in the proposed transaction. Any such declaration of interest will be recorded by the Company Secretary in the minutes. A Director is not included in the quorum for such part of a meeting that relates to a resolution he/she is not allowed to vote on but he/she shall be included in the quorum for all other parts of that meeting. This reduces the potential for conflict which might otherwise arise between the Company’s business and an individual Director’s other interests or appointments. Independent Non-executive Directors, together with the other Board members, ensure that connected transactions are entered into in the ordinary and usual course of business of the Group, on normal commercial terms or better, and according to the agreement governing them on terms that are fair and reasonable and in the interests of the Group and the shareholders of the Company as a whole. The Company Secretary is responsible for making sure that all connected transactions entered into are in compliance with the Listing Rules. In 2020, the Company entered into one connected transaction and two continuing connected transactions, details of which are given on pages 106 to 109 of this Annual Report. All Directors and staff of the Company are subject to a written Code of Conduct, which is available on the staff website. It provides guidance on matters relating to personal conduct, relations with suppliers and contractors, responsibilities to shareholders, relations with customers, employment practices and responsibilities to the community, as well as procedures for monitoring compliance and means of enforcement. The Code of Conduct promulgates ethical values in business activities which the Directors and employees are required to adhere to when discharging their delegated duties. The Code of Conduct is reviewed and updated periodically to be kept up to date with regulatory changes. The Company has a whistleblowing policy to encourage employees and related third parties (such as customers and suppliers) who deal with the Company to raise concerns in confidence about misconduct, malpractice or irregularity in any matters related to the Company. The whistleblowing policy is published on the Company’s website and staff website. The Company adopts the Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors of Listed Issuers (the “Model Code”) set out in Appendix 10 of the Listing Rules as its own code of conduct to regulate Directors’ securities transactions in respect of the Company’s shares. Senior managers, other nominated managers and staff who, because of their positions in the Company, are likely to be in possession of Inside Information (as defined in the Securities and Futures Ordinance (Cap. 571 of the Laws of Hong Kong), are requested to comply with the provisions of the Model Code. After the making of specific enquiries, all Directors confirmed that they had complied with the standard of dealings set out in the Model Code throughout 2020. Details of the shareholding interests held by the Directors in the Company as at 31 December 2020 are set out on pages 147 and 148 of this Annual Report. All Directors attended training programmes during the year to keep themselves abreast of the latest developments in the fields relevant to their respective expertise and professions. The Company Secretary is responsible for providing tailored induction programmes for new Directors and appropriate training programmes for the ongoing development of all Directors to ensure that they have proper understanding of the Company’s business operations and practices and are fully aware of their responsibilities under the Listing Rules and other regulatory requirements. Information on the latest developments regarding the Listing Rules and other applicable governance matters is provided to the Directors as and when required. The Directors are provided with detailed monthly management reports, as well as monthly media reports, including press articles relevant to the Company’s businesses. On 22 October 2020, a seminar was run by The Hong Kong Productivity Council to brief the Directors on the new changes in ESG Reporting Guide and their implications. The Directors are encouraged to participate in continuous professional development programmes organised by qualified institutions. The costs for such programmes are borne by the Company. Formal procedures are in place for reporting the training and continuous professional development received by Directors. The training record of each director is set out on page 120 of this Annual Report. For the year ended 31 December 2020, the Company has received confirmation from each Director that he/she committed sufficient time and attention to the Company’s affairs. The Board reviews their contribution annually. The Company has in place a formal and transparent procedure for the appointment of new Directors. A person may be appointed as a member of the Board at any time either by the shareholders in a general meeting or by the Board on the recommendation of the Nomination Committee when it is necessary to fill a casual vacancy. A Director appointed by the Board to fill a casual vacancy shall hold office until the first annual general meeting after such appointment but is eligible for election at the same meeting. All Directors are appointed for a specific term and are subject to retirement by rotation and re-election at the Company’s annual general meeting at least once every three years. All Directors have a current term of office not longer than three years. Shareholders may remove a Director before the expiration of his/her period of office by passing a special resolution giving detailed reasons at a general meeting properly convened in accordance with the Bye-laws of the Company for such a purpose. The election of individual Directors is subject to separate resolutions to be approved by the shareholders. In respect of the re- appointment of an Independent Non-executive Director who has served on the Board for nine years, the Company is required to explain in a circular containing the notice of the annual general meeting why it considers that the Director continues to be independent and why it recommends his/her re-election to the shareholders. At the 2020 AGM, four Directors, namely, Dr John CHAN Cho Chak, GBS, JP, Mr NG Siu Chan, Mr Allen FUNG Yuk Lun and Mr Roger LEE Chak Cheong, retired by rotation and were re-elected as Directors of the Company. Mr Raymond KWOK Ping Luen, JP, Mr Charles LUI Chung Yuen, M.H., Ms Winnie NG, JP, Dr Eric LI Ka Cheung, GBS, OBE, JP, Professor LIU Pak Wai, SBS, JP, Mr TSANG Wai Hung, GBS, PDSM, JP, Dr CHEUNG Wing Yui, BBS and Mr LEE Luen Fai, JP will retire as Directors of the Company and offer themselves for re-election at the 2021 AGM. All these retiring Directors, being eligible, have been nominated by the Nomination Committee and recommended by the Board to stand for re-election at the 2021 AGM. The election of each Director will be subject to the vote of shareholders in a separate resolution. The shareholders are entitled to nominate a person for election as a Director at a general meeting of the Company. The procedures for making proposals to nominate a person for election as a Director are available on the websites of the Company and of the Stock Exchange. The Company has taken out an appropriate insurance policy covering any legal action against the Directors of the Company, which indemnifies the Directors for liability incurred in connection with the Company’s activities. These indemnities were in force during 2020 and remain in force. The Board maintains four designated Board Committees to oversee various aspects of the Group’s affairs: the Standing Committee, the Audit and Risk Management Committee, the Remuneration Committee and the Nomination Committee. The Committees are governed by their respective terms of reference and are provided with adequate authority and resources to discharge their duties. The terms of reference are regularly reviewed and are available on the websites of the Company and the Stock Exchange respectively. The membership of each Committee (as at 1 January 2021) is shown below: Standing Audit and Risk Remuneration Nomination Mr Charles LUI Chung Yuen, M.H. The role of the Standing Committee is to advise and assist the Board in devising business strategies, making significant investment proposals and monitoring their implementation. The Standing Committee’s findings and recommendations are submitted directly to the Board. In 2020, the Standing Committee held six meetings with the senior management to review and discuss the Group’s financial, operational and strategic planning, as well as potential investment opportunities. The Chairman of the Audit and Risk Management Committee is Dr Eric LI Ka Cheung, an Independent Non-executive Director of the Company. He is a Certified Public Accountant who possesses the professional qualifications and accounting expertise prescribed by the Listing Rules. Dr LI and the other members of the Audit and Risk Management Committee have diverse experience in various business and professional fields as set down in the Directors’ biographies on pages 136 to 142 of this Annual Report. None of the members of the Audit and Risk Management Committee is a former or existing partner of the external auditors of the Company. The Audit and Risk Management Committee is responsible for establishing and maintaining an adequate internal control structure, ensuring the quality and integrity of financial statements, nominating independent external auditors, reviewing the adequacy of external audits in respect of cost, scope and performance, and ensuring that an effective system of internal control and risk management is established within the Company. The Audit and Risk Management Committee’s terms of reference are aligned with the recommendations set out in “A Guide for Effective Audit Committees” published by the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants (“HKICPA”) and are regularly updated with reference to the recommendations of the CG Code of the Listing Rules. The terms of reference are available on the website of the Company and the Stock Exchange respectively. In 2020, the Audit and Risk Management Committee and the senior management held a meeting focusing on safety issues and two meetings with the Company’s external auditors, KPMG – at which the Company’s financial reports, internal control systems and other relevant matters were reviewed and discussed. At the end of these meetings, the external auditors were invited to discuss in private with members of the Audit and Risk Management Committee issues noted during the course of the audit and any other matters they might wish to bring to the attention of the Audit and Risk Management Committee without the presence of the senior management. Following each of the two meetings, the Chairman of the Audit and Risk Management Committee submitted a report to the Board of Directors and gave a briefing on all significant issues identified. The major work undertaken by the Audit and Risk Management Committee in the financial year ended 31 December 2020 included: Reviewed with senior management the accounting principles and practices adopted by the Group, the financial results of the Company and its major subsidiaries, the accuracy and fairness of the financial statements, and the scope of internal and external audit work; Reviewed the revised accounting standards and any prospective changes thereto, and considered their impact on the financial reporting of the Company and the Group; Reviewed with external auditors the effectiveness of the audit procedures and their findings concerning the interim and annual financial statements and results announcements, as well as management’s response to such findings; Discussed and reviewed the internal audit reports prepared by the Head of the Internal Audit Department covering, among other things, audit objectives, audit approach, audit work done and the findings arising therefrom; Examined the qualifications and experience of staff carrying out accounting and financial reporting, as well as the adequacy of resources and training programmes; Conducted reviews with the external auditors and senior management to ensure that connected transactions were properly Monitored the operation of the whistleblowing policy. Following these reviews and discussions, the Audit and Risk Management Committee recommended to the Board that the unaudited interim financial report of the Company for the six months ended 30 June 2020 and the audited annual financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2020 be approved. Reviewed the independence of the external auditors and considered their terms of engagement and audit fee proposal to Ensured that the external auditors conducted their audit and non-audit services effectively. Based on the conclusions drawn from these reviews, the Audit and Risk Management Committee recommended to the Board that KPMG, the existing external auditors, be re-appointed as auditors of the financial statements of the Company for the year ending 31 December 2021. (c) Monitored and reviewed group-level strategies, policies and sustainability matters; Reviewed the Sustainability Report of the Company in accordance with the requirements of the Listing Rules. The Board has devolved upon the Remuneration Committee the authority to formulate remuneration policies, including the establishment of guidelines to determine the terms and conditions of employment and the remuneration and retirement benefits of Directors and employees of the Group. The Remuneration Committee also draws up criteria for performance-based bonuses and makes recommendations to the Board on human resources related policies based on the Group’s goals and objectives. Details of the terms of reference, remuneration policies and work performed by the Remuneration Committee in 2020 are set out in the Remuneration Report on pages 132 to 135 of this Annual Report. The Board has appointed the Nomination Committee to identify suitable candidates of a high calibre and with sufficient experience for its consideration, taking into account the Board Diversity Policy. The Nomination Committee ensures that the appointment of Directors undergoes formal, stringent and transparent procedures. The majority of members of the Nomination Committee, including its chairman, are Independent Non-executive Directors of the Company. The principal terms of reference of the Nomination Committee include: Formulating nomination policy for consideration by the Board and implementing the nomination policy established by the Board; Identifying and nominating for the approval of the Board appropriately qualified candidates for appointment as Directors; Making recommendations to the Board for the appointment or re-appointment of Directors and making recommendations regarding succession planning for Directors, in particular, the Chairman and the Managing Director; Reviewing and monitoring the structure, size and composition (including evaluating the balance and blend of skills, knowledge, professional experience, gender, age, cultural and educational background and length of service) of the Board and making Evaluating the independence of Independent Non-executive Directors. In 2020, the Nomination Committee also performed the following main tasks: Recommended the re-election of retiring Directors; Evaluated all Independent Non-executive Directors’ confirmations of independence; Reviewed and confirmed the structure, size and composition of the Board; Endorsed the appointment of Remuneration Committee Member; Reviewed the Nomination Policy. The Nomination Policy has been adopted by the Company in 2019, which sets out the latest nomination practice, such as the criteria and procedures for sections, appointment and re-appointment of the Directors. This policy can be found on the Company’s website. The Directors’ attendance at the Annual General Meeting, Special General Meeting, Board Meetings and Committee Meetings and training records in 2020 is given below: Audit and Risk Management Remuneration Nomination Types of Dr Norman LEUNG Nai Pang, GBS, JP (Chairman) Dr John CHAN Cho Chak, GBS, JP (Deputy Chairman) Mr Raymond KWOK Ping Luen, JP (with Ms Susanna WONG Sze Lai, as alternate) Mr NG Siu Chan (with Ms Winnie NG, JP as alternate) Mr Charles LUI Chung Yuen, M.H. Mr William LOUEY Lai Kuen (with GAO Feng as alternate) Mr Roger LEE Chak Cheong (Managing Director) Mr GAO Feng (Alternate Director to Mr William LOUEY Lai Kuen) Ms Winnie NG, JP (Director and Alternate Director to Mr NG Siu Chan) Ms Susanna WONG Sze Lai (Alternate Director to Mr Raymond KWOK Ping Luen, JP) Notes: 1. Particulars of the 2020 AGM and SGM are set out on page 129 of this Annual Report. A. Attending seminars and/or conferences and/or forums and/or briefings. B. Reading materials which covered the Company’s business, corporate governance matters, directors’ duties and responsibilities. The Board held six meetings in 2020, which exceeded the minimum requirement of four board meetings a year under the CG Code. On average, regular Board meetings and Board Committee meetings lasted at least two hours. Senior management is responsible for implementing the strategies and managing the Group’s day-to-day businesses under the continual supervision of the Board and the corresponding Board Committees. Drawing upon the extensive experience and expertise in different areas of each member, senior management provides accurate, adequate and detailed financial and operational information in a timely manner to the Board to keep the Directors informed of the latest developments of the Group, enabling them to make informed decisions and discharge their responsibilities effectively. The post of Company Secretary is held by Miss Lana WOO, who is a fellow member of The Hong Kong Institute of Chartered Secretaries. She is responsible for ensuring that the correct Board procedures are followed, advising the Board on all corporate governance matters and facilitating the induction and continuous professional development of Directors. She reports to the Managing Director of the Company, and all Directors may call upon her for advice and assistance at any time in respect of their duties and the effective operation of the Board and Board Committees. In 2020, the Company Secretary took more than 15 hours of professional training to update her skills and knowledge. The Board is responsible for the preparation of the Group’s financial statements. It ensures that a true and fair view of the financial status of the Group is given in accordance with the Hong Kong Financial Reporting Standards (“HKFRS”) issued by the HKICPA and the disclosure requirements of the Companies Ordinance (Cap. 622 of the Laws of Hong Kong). This responsibility extends to the accuracy and sufficiency of the content of interim and annual reports, as well as “price-sensitive” announcements and other financial disclosures required by the Listing Rules, reports to regulators and any information that needs to be disclosed under statutory requirements. The financial statements of the Company and the Group for the year ended 31 December 2020 given on pages 160 to 239 of this Annual Report represent a true and fair view of the state of affairs of the Company and the Group, and the results and cash flow for the year. The Audit and Risk Management Committee of the Company, together with the senior management and the external auditors, has reviewed the accounting principles and policies adopted by the Group, discussed auditing, internal control and financial reporting matters, and reviewed the financial results for the year ended 31 December 2020. The Board has the overall responsibility for establishing, maintaining and reviewing the effectiveness of the Group’s internal control and risk management systems. It is duty bound to safeguard the Group’s assets and stakeholders’ interests, manage the Group’s existing and anticipated risks, and provide reasonable assurance against material misstatement of information (whether financial or non-financial). Stringent internal control measures are implemented at all levels of the Group in order to ensure effective monitoring of its day-to-day operations. The Audit and Risk Management Committee is delegated by the Board with the responsibility of maintaining and reviewing the effectiveness of the internal control and risk management systems and determining the nature and extent of any significant risks. Such review will be conducted annually. With the assistance of the external auditors and the Internal Audit Department, the Audit and Risk Management Committee provides sound assurance regarding the quality and effectiveness of the control practices. The Group’s Internal Control Framework is monitored, managed and reviewed by the following bodies: Has the ultimate responsibility for the Group’s risk management and internal control systems; Provides direction on the risk management and internal control culture. Assists the Board in monitoring the performance of the Group’s risk management and internal control systems; Reviews the Group’s internal control and risk management reports prior to endorsement by the Board; Ensures staff are appropriately trained for their relevant positions to ensure that they carry out their duties in accordance with the requirements of good internal control practices. Ensures a proper reporting channel so that emerging risks are reported to the Audit and Risk Management Committee in a timely manner. Supports the Audit and Risk Management Committee in reviewing the effectiveness of the Group’s risk management and internal control systems; Conducts independent reviews and other special investigations requested by the Board, the Audit and Risk Management Committee and the Management. The Group’s internal control and risk management framework, based on the Committee of Sponsoring Organisations of the Treadway Commission’s Internal Control – Integrated Framework issued in May 2013, consists of the following components: The Group complies with the requirement in the Listing Rules that at least one-third of the Board members should be Independent Non-executive Directors to demonstrate the Board’s independence from the management in overseeing the development and performance of internal control. The Board of Directors and the Board Committees are chaired by Independent Non-executive Directors. There are four designated Board Committees which meet on a regular basis for day-to-day management of the Group’s business. The Group has a well-defined organisational structure with succinct lines of authority and control responsibilities, which are clearly set out in writing and documented in the form of organisation charts and job manuals for the corresponding operating and business units. Integrity and honourable business ethics are foundational to the continued success of the Group. The Code of Conduct and the Staff Handbook, which are accessible to all Directors and employees, define the rules and policies which all Directors and staff are bound to follow. The Code of Conduct emphasises transparency, objectivity, integrity and reliability in the handling of financial information and the disclosure in financial reports. In addition, the Staff Handbook reminds all staff members that they must not make use of their position to solicit or receive any advantage from any third parties. A whistleblowing policy has been established by the Audit and Risk Management Committee to deal with concerns related to fraudulent or unethical acts or instances of non-compliance with the law or with the Group’s policies that have or could have a significant adverse financial, legal or reputational impact on the Group. The Group will respond to all such concerns expressed fairly and properly. The Group’s whistleblowing policy and procedures, which are published on the Company’s website, apply to employees at all levels and in all divisions as well as to business partners, suppliers and any third parties that deal with the Group. The Audit and Risk Management Committee has overall responsibility for the whistleblowing policy, notwithstanding that it has delegated day- to-day responsibility for overseeing and implementing the policy to the Company Secretary. The Group has an Enterprise Risk Management System (“ERM System”) which has the following objectives: To provide a systematic approach to the early identification and management of risks; To provide consistent risk assessment criteria; To make available accurate and concise risk information that informs decision making including business directions; To monitor and review risk levels to ensure that risk exposure remains within an acceptable level. The Group’s ERM System was designed with reference to the COSO ERM framework. The Group’s risk management structure is as follows: Risk Rating is determined by Impact and Vulnerability. A dynamic risk rating matrix, using both quantitative and qualitative factors, is used to assess risk. A Risk Key Performance Indicator Report (“Risk KPI Report”) is submitted to the Audit and Risk Management Committee every six months. The Group’s major risks as identified by the management are listed in the Risk KPI Report, together with a comprehensive profile of such risks and the monitoring mechanism as established by the management. Evaluates and provides direction to the Group on the nature and extent of the risks that shall be taken in achieving its strategic objectives (i.e. setting the Risk Appetite). Ensures review of the effectiveness of the risk management and internal control systems. Ensures that the Risk Management Taskforce (“RMTF”) and Business Lines have fulfilled their duties in establishing and maintaining an effective risk management programme. Reviews the Risk KPI Reports semi-annually. Risk Management Taskforce (“RMTF”) Comprising the Operations Director, Administration Director, Financial Controller, Safety Director and Legal Director. The RMTF is chaired by the Operations Director. Maintains an oversight of the Group’s risk management system, framework and programme. Proposes to the Board for approval at least annually enhancements as needed, including those to fulfil regulators’ or governance bodies’ statutory requirements. Reviews and/or approves the Risk Inventory in the risk management programme and monitors the Risk KPI Reports. Ensures Business Lines of the Group commit sufficient resources to carrying out the risk management exercise. Individual Department Head/Director (collectively referred as “Business Lines”) Develops policies and controls to effectively embed the Group’s risk management directions into day-to-day operations. Promotes the risk-management culture to those working under the Business Lines so that they comply with the risk management policies and procedures when conducting day-to-day operations. Identifies the risks associated with business activities (including new business) within his/her own Business Lines, and implements appropriate action plans to manage the identified risks and opportunities. The Group’s franchised and non-franchised bus services involve well-established business processes. Control activities are built on top-level reviews, segregation of duties and physical controls. Written policies and procedures with defined limits of delegated authority are in place. These policies and procedures include but are not limited to: As the Group’s franchised operations, KMB and LWB have implemented a quality management system (“QMS”) based on the benchmarks prescribed by the International Organisation for Standardisation (“ISO”). Under ISO requirements, major financial and operational procedures and instructions, including illustrative flow charts, are clearly documented and followed by operations. The Hong Kong Quality Assurance Agency (“HKQAA”) conducts annual independent audits of QMS to assess its effectiveness, efficiency and conformity. During 2020, there was no non-conformity in QMS noted during the ISO audit of the operations of both KMB and LWB. As of December 2020, both KMB and LWB possessed ISO 9001:2015 quality management system certification. In addition, all KMB depots are ISO45001-certified for their occupational health and safety systems and two of KMB’s major bus depots are ISO 14001-certified for their environmental management systems. The Group’s flagship subsidiary, KMB, has formulated and documented a Business Continuity Plan (“BCP”) in respect of key business and IT operations. The BCP is reviewed and updated from time to time according to changes in circumstances. BCP, which is an integral part of the risk management process, creates a systematic approach for providing effective response that enables management to safeguard shareholder value in a crisis by responding promptly and by resuming KMB’s critical business functions at acceptable pre-defined levels. KMB performs walkthrough tests and drills periodically to ensure that the BCP will be able to adequately ensure minimal disruption to key businesses if an unforeseeable event occurs. The Group’s IT systems generate timely data to allow the management to monitor business operations and thus achieve business objectives. Regular and ad-hoc management and operational meetings are held to facilitate the proper monitoring of internal control and risk management mechanism. The Internal Audit Department plays an important role in the assessment of the effectiveness of the risk management and internal control systems. It is responsible for providing the Audit and Risk Management Committee and senior management with independent and objective assurance that the internal control systems of the Group are effective in achieving their objectives, and that any risks and internal control weaknesses have been adequately addressed. The Internal Audit Department holds a group-wide function and covers both franchised and non-franchised operations of the Group. The Head of the Internal Audit Department reports directly to the Audit and Risk Management Committee and the Managing Director. The Internal Audit Department conducts risk-based internal audit reviews in accordance with the International Standards for the Professional Practice of Internal Auditing. All staff in the Internal Audit Department, including the Head of Internal Audit Department, are required to declare their independence every year. In 2020, the functions performed by the Internal Audit Department included, among others: Conducting compliance reviews of relevant laws and regulations applicable to the Group’s business; Carrying out operational reviews and surprise checks of major internal control processes in respect of both franchised and non- franchised businesses; Assisting operations in carrying out Internal Quality Audits (“IQA”) in accordance with ISO requirements. Based on the report of the Internal Audit Department and the report of the Company Secretary on the Group’s whistleblowing policy, the Audit and Risk Management Committee has concluded that the Group continues to operate in an effective control environment with a control system that adequately monitors and corrects non-compliance in significant areas. Following the Audit and Risk Management Committee’s annual review of the Group’s internal control systems, the Board is satisfied that the Group complied with the Code Provisions on internal controls in 2020. The Company is fully aware of its obligations under the Listing Rules and the Securities and Futures Ordinance. A suite of procedures and internal control measures are in place to preserve the confidentiality of price-sensitive and/or inside information relating to the Group. All members of the Board, senior management and nominated executives, who are likely to have access to price-sensitive and/or inside information because of their office or employment in the Company or a subsidiary, are bound by the Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors of Listed Issuers under the Listing Rules. In addition, every employee is required to follow the guidelines of the Code of Conduct and the Staff Handbook to keep unpublished price-sensitive and/or inside information strictly confidential. The external auditors play a crucial role in ensuring the integrity of the disclosure of financial information. During the course of their review of the Company’s interim financial report and their audit of the Company’s annual financial statements, if the external auditors discover any major irregularities, they will report their findings directly to the Audit and Risk Management Committee and the Board. The external auditors are invited to attend meetings of the Audit and Risk Management Committee, as well as the Annual General Meeting. The Audit and Risk Management Committee is responsible for monitoring the audit and non-audit services rendered to the Group by its external auditors. There is a formal policy in place to ensure that the engagement of the external auditors in non-audit services will not impair their independence in providing the audit services. The external auditors are also required to review annually their relationship with the Group and to give written confirmation to the Audit and Risk Management Committee of their independent status. The Company engaged KPMG as its external auditors to audit the financial statements of the Company for the year ended 31 December 2020. KPMG has formally confirmed in writing to the Audit and Risk Management Committee that for the year ended 31 December 2020 and up to the date of this Annual Report, it remains independent of the Group in accordance with the independence requirements of the HKICPA. The fees for services rendered by KPMG to the Group for the year ended 31 December 2020 are set out below: Non-audit related services (Note) Note: Non-audit related services mainly consist of other review and reporting services. The Company had 3,816 registered shareholders as at 31 December 2020. The shareholders comprise individual shareholders, institutional investors plus people and organisations holding shares via financial intermediaries such as nominees, investment funds and the Central Clearing and Settlement System (“CCASS”) of Hong Kong. The names of the shareholders holding 5% or more of the shares of the Company as at 31 December 2020, other than those who are also Directors of the Company, are disclosed in the Report of the Directors on page 151 of this Annual Report. The largest single shareholder of the Company is Sun Hung Kai Properties Limited, which retains an equity interest of about 39.7% in the Company. As at 31 December 2020, the shareholding distribution of the Company was as follows: Number of % of Number of shares (Note) % of issued Above 100,000 Note: 45.5% of all TIH’s issued shares were held through CCASS. Based on information that is publicly available to the Company and the Directors, the Company has maintained a sufficient public float of its share capital in the Hong Kong stock market throughout the financial year ended 31 December 2020. Transparency is vital to good corporate governance. The Board has formulated the Shareholder Communications Policy to provide shareholders with information about the Company, allowing them to engage with the Company and obtain information about the Company to exercise their rights as shareholders. The Shareholder Communications Policy is posted on the Company’s website and is reviewed regularly to ensure its effectiveness. The Company adopts various communication channels to convey messages to the shareholders, including press releases, announcements, circulars and interim and annual reports. Interim and annual reports, notices of general meetings, announcements and circulars in English and Chinese are posted on the Company’s website (www.tih.hk) and the website of the Stock Exchange. They are also delivered to shareholders within the respective deadlines stipulated by the Listing Rules. Other information of interest to shareholders and the public is also available on the Company’s website. The annual report is a unique source of information for shareholders and other stakeholders who wish to understand the business of the Group. Senior management endeavours to make the annual report informative, comprehensible and transparent, with a sufficient level of disclosure. There are both English and Chinese versions of the annual report and both printed and electronic copies are available to shareholders. In the interests of environmental preservation and economy, the Company encourages its shareholders to choose the electronic version of all the Company’s corporate communications such as the annual and interim reports, notices of meetings, listing documents, circulars and forms of proxy. Shareholders are at liberty to change their choice of language or means of receiving the Company’s corporate communications by giving written notice of not less than seven days to the Company’s share registrar, Computershare Hong Kong Investor Services Limited, or by emailing tih.ecom@computershare.com.hk. Over the years, the Company’s annual reports have won widespread recognition in local and international award programmes. In 2020, the Company won the Honour Awards for Traditional Annual Reports and Written Text in the Transportation and Leasing category of the International ARC Awards and the Silver Award in the Transportation & Logistics category of the Vision Awards. The Directors consider the Company’s general meetings an important way of communicating with shareholders. The annual general meetings and other general meetings are normally attended by all Directors and senior management as well as the Company’s external auditors so that any comments or questions raised by shareholders can be addressed. Shareholders have control over the Company primarily through exercising their voting rights at general meetings. All voting is conducted by poll at general meetings with each shareholder being entitled to one vote. A separate resolution is proposed for each matter, including the election of individual Directors. The circular containing the notice of the annual general meeting, proposed resolutions, biographies of Directors standing for election and information on poll voting procedures is sent to shareholders with the annual report at least 20 clear business days before the annual general meeting. The 2020 AGM was held on 21 May 2020 and the matters resolved are summarised below: As ordinary business: Approval of the audited financial statements and reports of the Directors and Auditors for the year ended 31 December 2019; Approval of an ordinary final dividend of HK$0.70 per share for the year ended 31 December 2019; Re-election of Dr John CHAN Cho Chak, GBS, JP, Mr NG Siu Chan, Mr. Allen FUNG Yuk Lun and Mr Roger LEE Chak Cheong as Directors of the Company; Re-appointment of KPMG as auditors of the Company, and authorisation of the Directors to fix their remuneration; Granting of a general mandate to the Directors to issue shares; Extending the share issue mandate granted to the Board of Directors. A special general meeting was held on 17 December 2020 (“2020 SGM”) and the ordinary resolution resolved is summarised below: Approval of the sale and purchase agreement dated 9 November 2020 entered into between TM Properties Holdings Limited (an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company), Mega Odyssey Limited (an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of Sun Hung Kai Properties Limited), the Company and Sun Hung Kai Properties Limited and the transactions contemplated thereunder. The details and poll voting results of the 2020 AGM and the 2020 SGM were published on the websites of the Company and the Stock Exchange on 21 May 2020 and 17 December 2020 respectively. The 2021 Financial Calendar of the Company is set out as follows: 18 March 2021 20 April 2021 13 May 2021 Book closure for 2021 AGM (both dates inclusive) 14 May 2021 to 20 May 2021 20 May 2021 25 May 2021 26 May 2021 30 June 2021 mid-August 2021 mid-October 2021 31 December 2021 Under the Company’s Bye-laws, shareholders holding at least 10% of the paid-up capital of the Company and carrying the right of voting at general meetings of the Company may ask the Board to convene a special general meeting (“SGM”) for the transaction of business specified in the request. The request must be in written form with the purpose of the meeting stated therein and deposited at the head office of the Company at 15/F, 9 Po Lun Street, Lai Chi Kok, Kowloon, Hong Kong. The request must be signed by the shareholders concerned and may consist of two or more documents in like form, each signed by one or more of those shareholders. The request will be verified with the Company’s share registrar and upon its confirmation that the request is proper and in order, the Company Secretary will arrange to convene a SGM by serving sufficient notice to all the registered shareholders in accordance with the Company’s Bye-laws and the statutory requirements. Shareholders holding not less than one-twentieth of the total voting rights of those shareholders having the right to vote at the general meetings or not less than 100 shareholders holding shares in the Company are entitled to submit a written request to move a resolution at general meetings. The procedures for making proposals at general meetings are laid down in the Company’s Shareholder Communications Policy, which is available on the Company’s website. Enquiries from shareholders can be sent to the attention of the Board. All enquiries should be addressed to the Board or the Company Secretary and sent to the Company’s head office at 15/F, 9 Po Lun Street, Lai Chi Kok, Kowloon, Hong Kong. Shareholders may also email their enquiries to the Directors at director@tih.hk. The Company Secretary will respond to such enquiries within a reasonable time. An up-to-date and consolidated version of the Bye-laws of the Company is published on the websites of the Company and the Stock Exchange. No changes were made to the Company’s constitutional documents in 2020. The company adopts a dividend policy of providing its shareholders with a stable dividend. As an alternative to receiving a cash dividend, the company offers a scrip dividend programme, which enables its shareholders to elect to receive new fully paid shares. In determining the dividend amount, the Board will take into account a number of factors such as the Group’s financial performance, future capital expenditures and financial position, as well as the general economic and business conditions. The policy will be reviewed from time to time so as to keep in line with the future prospects and capital requirements of the Group and the changes in market conditions. The Group uses the following communication channels to keep the general public informed of its developments: Website – The Company’s website (www.tih.hk) offers a wide range of company, financial and corporate social responsibility information about the Group and its various businesses for shareholders and other interested parties. Media and Online Communication – To keep the public informed about the bus services of KMB and LWB, the two major subsidiaries of the Group, press sessions are held to introduce the media to the latest developments in respect of services, facilities, safety and efforts in environmental protection. Social media such as Facebook and Instagram are also used to publicise KMB’s initiatives and achievements, as well as to gather useful feedback from the public. Publications – KMB and LWB publish a number of booklets which keep the travelling public updated on their services and operations. These publications can be accessed on the companies’ websites (www.kmb.hk and www.lwb.hk). Effective communication between the management and staff is a key means to boost efficiency and morale. The staff website is an effective way for employees to access relevant management announcements and information on issues that concern them, such as payroll and staff events and activities. Orientation training courses, e-learning programmes and a staff forum are also available online. The corporate magazine KMB Today keeps employees, especially frontline staff, informed of news and events relating to the Group and the industry. The Staff Handbook, which is accessible on the staff website, allows the staff to know more about the Company’s human resources policies and employment guidelines. The Board delegates authority to the Remuneration Committee to ensure that the Company adopts remuneration policies which are fair, properly structured and in line with the interests of Directors, staff and other stakeholders of the Company. The Committee has four members, three of whom are Independent Non-executive Directors and the other one is a Non-executive Director. The Committee is chaired by Independent Non-executive Director Dr John CHAN Cho Chak, GBS, JP, who is also the Deputy Chairman of the Company. The other members are Independent Non-executive Director Dr Eric LI Ka Cheung, GBS, OBE, JP, Independent Non- executive Director Professor LIU Pak Wai, SBS, JP and Non-executive Director Ms Winnie NG, JP. The Remuneration Committee makes recommendations to the Board on the remuneration packages of the Directors and employees of the Company and its subsidiaries. The level of remuneration is determined in accordance with the principles of performance, fairness, transparency and market competitiveness. The Group’s remuneration packages are designed to attract, retain and motivate high calibre individuals who will make significant contributions to the Group. The Remuneration Committee is authorised to obtain independent professional advice on relevant issues if required. The main remuneration policies adopted by the Group are as follows: Remuneration policy and practice, including those relating to the Directors, should be fair, transparent and compliant with relevant legislation; Directors and employees should be rewarded on a fair basis according to their merits, job responsibilities, qualifications and experience, with reference to the market practices and packages for similar posts offered by comparable companies. The Remuneration Committee’s written terms of reference, which are published on the Company’s website, comply with the Code Provisions set out in Appendix 14 of the Listing Rules. The main duties of the Committee are: Determining the remuneration policies in respect of the remuneration of Directors and employees of the Group for approval by the Board; Setting appropriate assessment criteria for performance-related bonuses for employees, having regard to their achievement against such criteria and with reference to market norms and the Group’s business objectives and targets; Establishing guidelines for determining the remuneration of Directors, including the terms and conditions of employment, remuneration and retirement benefits of the Executive Director(s); Reviewing and making recommendations to the Board on the remuneration packages of individual Executive Director(s), senior Reviewing and considering proposals submitted by the Managing Director on human resources and related policies and making appropriate recommendations to the Board. In 2020, the work conducted by the Remuneration Committee included: Reviewing the remuneration policy for 2020; Reviewing the annual performance-related bonuses for the Group’s employees, with reference to the performance of the Group, individual achievement, assessment criteria and market norms; Examining employees’ wage and salary increments on a merit basis with reference to relevant factors including market pay trends Reviewing the remuneration of Executive and Non-executive Directors, benchmarked against the remuneration level of comparable listed companies in respect of workload, scale and complexity of business. In line with good corporate governance practice, assessment of the remuneration of Directors is based on formal principles, which take into account both the market practices and a tried and tested methodology. As in previous years, Directors’ fees for 2020 were determined based on the methodology developed in the “Higgs Report” on the “Review of the Role and Effectiveness of Non-executive Directors” in the United Kingdom, in view of the likely workload, the scale and complexity of the business and the responsibility involved. Reference was also made to the results of a desk-top survey conducted by the Company on the remuneration of the directors of 20 major companies listed on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited. The fee structure for Directors in 2020 is set out as follows: Standing Committee Members (except Executive Director) Except as disclosed above, no Independent Non-executive Director or Non-executive Director received any pension benefits or bonuses from the Group in 2020. The remuneration package of each Director, on a named basis, for the year ended 31 December 2020, together with 2019 comparison, are given in note 7 to the consolidated financial statements on pages 191 and 192 of this Annual Report. The remuneration of the corporate executives of the Company and other employees is benchmarked against the remuneration for similar positions in comparable local companies. This is consistent with the Group’s remuneration policy of aligning remuneration packages with market practices. Depending on the financial performance of the Group, discretionary bonuses may also be granted to individuals on a merit basis. The level of any such discretionary bonus is subject to review and approval by the Remuneration Committee and the Board after consideration of the financial results of the Group. The main components of remuneration for corporate executives and other employees are as follows: The Remuneration Committee reviews employees’ base compensation, including salaries, allowances and fringe benefits, with reference to the Group’s financial performance, the scope and complexity of the individuals’ responsibilities, performance and market pay levels. A discretionary bonus may be granted to individuals in recognition of their outstanding performance. Individuals are subject to a comprehensive annual performance appraisal by their immediate supervisors. Only those obtaining at least a satisfactory performance rating are considered for the award of an incentive bonus. Under the Share Option Scheme approved and adopted by the shareholders at the 2016 Annual General Meeting held on 26 May 2016, the Board may grant options to eligible persons, including employees and Director(s) of the Company and its subsidiaries, to subscribe for shares in the Company. The Share Option Scheme is intended to provide employees and Director(s) of the Company and its subsidiaries with the opportunity to participate in the growth and success of the Company. The Board may exercise its discretion to grant options to eligible persons as proposed by the Remuneration Committee. On 19 November 2020, the Company granted a total of 13,925,000 share options to 45 eligible persons in accordance with the Share Option Scheme. Details of the Share Option Scheme and the said options granted are set out on pages 148 to 150 of this Annual Report. The KMB Monthly Rated Employees Provident Fund Scheme (the “Monthly Scheme”) and the KMB Daily Rated Employees Retirement Fund Scheme (the “Daily Scheme”) are two non-contributory defined benefit retirement schemes operated by the Group. The Group also participates in a defined contribution retirement scheme, the SHKP MPF Employer Sponsored Scheme, which was established and registered under the Mandatory Provident Fund Schemes Ordinance (Cap. 485 of the Laws of Hong Kong) (the “MPF Ordinance”) in 2000. Formally established under trust and registered under the Occupational Retirement Schemes Ordinance (Cap. 426 of the Laws of Hong Kong) (the “ORSO”), the Monthly Scheme is administered by an independent trustee and the assets are held separately from those of the Group. Under the current scheme rules, an eligible member’s benefit is equivalent to the final monthly salary multiplied by the service period and the benefit factor applicable to the member’s completed years of service. Contributions to the Monthly Scheme are made in accordance with the recommendations of an independent actuary firm which values the retirement scheme at regular intervals. The scheme is closed to employees first employed or re-employed by KMB (including any subsidiary(ies) and associated company(ies) which participate in the Monthly Scheme) on or after 1 December 2000. Formally established under trust and registered under the ORSO, the Daily Scheme is administered by an independent trustee and the assets are held separately from those of the Group. Under the current scheme rules, an eligible member’s benefit is equivalent to the final daily basic emolument multiplied by the number of completed years of service as a daily rated employee and further multiplied by a benefit factor applicable to the member’s completed years of service. Contributions to the Daily Scheme are made in accordance with the actuary’s recommendations. The Scheme is closed to employees first employed or re- employed by KMB (including any subsidiary(ies) and associated company(ies) which participate in the Daily Scheme) on or after 1 December 2000. The Group is a participating member of the SHKP MPF Employer Sponsored Scheme (“SHKP Scheme”), which is a defined contribution retirement scheme. Employees who do not participate in the aforesaid defined benefit retirement schemes are covered by the SHKP Scheme, which is administered by an independent trustee. The assets of the SHKP Scheme are held separately from those of the Group in independently administered funds. The Group is required to make contributions to the SHKP Scheme at rates ranging from 5% to 12% of relevant employees’ salaries, depending on their employment terms and length of service with the Group. Employees are required to make contributions to the SHKP Scheme at 5% of their relevant income as defined by the MPF Ordinance, subject to a cap of monthly relevant income of HK$30,000. 