The gross domestic product (GDP) of the People’s Republic of China (“China” or the “PRC”) recorded a year-on-year increase of 2.3% in 2020, down 3.8 percentage points from last year. In the face of the severe impacts and complicated economic environment caused by the novel coronavirus COVID-19, the PRC government coordinated epidemic prevention and control and socio-economic development works, facilitated gradual resumption of work and production and reduced taxes and administrative fees to promote market recovery and people’s daily consumption. As a result, the national economy continued to experience steady recovery in 2020, demonstrating the strong resilience and enormous potential of the PRC economy. Under the influence of the epidemic, online consumption through e-commerce and live streaming contributed new growth momentum to sales channels and “Generation Z” (born after 1995 and 2000) became the new growth driver of consumption, leading to increasingly diverse and segmented consumption groups. The prices of raw materials related to food and beverage fluctuated in 2020. With a focus on operation and adhering to the value marketing strategy, the Group emphasized brand building and thought from the perspective of consumers with an aim to achieve higher consumer satisfaction. In 2020, the Group continued to focus on its operation by improving brand building and insisting on the value marketing strategy. Committed to “Healthy Practice ”, we strengthened freshness control over our products, maintained stable market prices, emphasized development of brand assets and optimized product mix to realise sound operation. The Group recorded a revenue of RMB22,761.8 million in 2020, representing an increase of 3.4% as compared with that of last year. Information about the Group’s core businesses is as follows: With an aim to satisfy the needs of consumers, the Group strived to diversify consumption scenarios by providing products to be enjoyed by consumers in different occasions and stayed laser- focused on brand value to enhance the brand loyalty. We also kept refining the process techniques and innovating new tastes to enhance product strengths and cater for the diverse needs of consumers. The Group recorded a revenue of RMB9,424.5 million in 2020 from the food business, representing an increase of 10.9% as compared with that of the corresponding period last year. Demand in the instant noodles industry surged in the first half of 2020 with a noticeable growth rate which subsequently returned to normal in the second half of the year. The Group recorded a revenue of RMB9,055.0 million in 2020 from the instant noodles business, representing an increase of 7.2% as compared with that of the corresponding period last year. For “Uni-President Lao Tan Pickled Cabbage and Beef Noodles ”, the Group centred on improving the “stability, continuity and consistency 、 、 ” of the product to support its core value of “Authentic Sourness and Crunchiness ” in 2020. Based on the invention patents obtained, process techniques and production procedures were further refined, the formula was upgraded and a more eye-catching new package was adopted, which all together further improved the brand loyalty. “Soup Daren ”, which has registered a double-digit growth or above in revenue for 12 consecutive years, was highly recognised by the market and consumers. We continued to invite new generation actors who have the traits of “focus, sunshine and vitality 、 、 ” to be our spokespersons to expand the consumer group of “Soup Daren ” and promote the brand concept of “Soup Makes Good Noodles ”. Through “Soup Daren Genki Music Festival ”, communications with new generation were enhanced to maintain the youthfulness of the brand. A year after its launch, the newly upgraded series of “Gourmet’s Selection ” under “Soup Daren ” has become popular among mid– to high-end consumers as evidenced by the gradual increase in its sales volume, which further enhanced and improved the brand image of “Soup Daren ” as noodles being served in nourishing soup. “Teng Jiao ” centred on the development and innovation of the vine pepper taste and penetrated into the market by turning the product into a brand, guiding new generation consumers to indulge in the alluring electrifying taste of vine pepper. The product strength was being fortified in 2020. While continuously enhancing the “The Feeling of Electric Shock ”, we also exerted efforts in building close connections with the purchase and consumption scenarios through a mix of media including television, internet and outdoor environment to maintain a stable ” was widely recognised by consumers, laying a solid foundation for subsequent brand development. For “Uni-President The King of Tomato ”, as stimulated by live streaming on e-commerce channels, “Uni- President The King of Tomato – Tomato Egg Noodles ” continued to hit a record high in sale volume. “Birth of The King of Tomato ”, the first ”, was broadcast in the second half of 2020, which further revitalized the brand image and increased the brand awareness, making it more popular among the new generation. “Imperial Big Meal ”, a high-end brand of lifestyle noodles of the Group, regards inheriting Chinese noodles as its mission. Through constant improvement in cooking techniques and ”, it provides each meat lover with a more enjoyable noodle eating experience. In the second half of 2020, in order to enter the noodle cooking market, “Imperial Big Meal ” introduced semi-dry noodles served with richer ingredients and a stronger flavour of Chinese noodles to satisfy the needs of consumers. The high-end Chinese cuisine brand of “Kai Xiao Zao ”, which adopted the concept of “Premium Meal, Special Treat ” for its brand promotion, continued to be well recognised by consumers and achieved a multi-fold increase in revenue in 2020. Mr. Xiao Zhan , the brand spokesperson, helped increase the brand awareness of “Kai Xiao Zao ” rapidly and attracted the attention of numerous consumers in 2020. Through utilizing the flagship store as a platform for interaction with consumers, a core consumer group was formed. In the second half of 2020, hotpot series products “Spicy Beef Hotpot ” and “Double-flavor Hotpot ” were launched under “Kai Xiao Zao ” to meet the needs of different consumers and extend the consumption scenarios. Cross-industry cooperation was actively explored for “Kai Xiao Zao ”. A series of limited co-branded products, such as the “Angelica Pork Belly Chicken ” launched in 2020 and “Beer Duck ” launched in 2021, received extensive positive feedbacks from consumers given the new sales tactics and new flavours. “Q-Fresh Q ” continued to target the market of frozen fresh noodles transported through cold chain logistics and mainly available in premium supermarkets and e-commerce platforms. With “fresher ” noodles and “richer ” broth, it provided a new choice for new families pursuing fresh diets. As influenced by the epidemic in 2020, the demand of consumers for “freshness” and “health” further increased, which in turn boosted the sales of “Q-Fresh (Q ”. Looking forward to 2021, challenges and opportunities will co-exist in the food industry. As consumers’ perception of convenience food has evolved, which brings new opportunities to the industry, the Group will capitalize on its innovation strengths, maintain quality and satisfy the diverse needs of consumers in strict accordance with its consumer-centric and market-oriented approach. There are markets for both of the mid– to high-end products and economical products meeting livelihood needs. Being guided by the value marketing strategy, the Group will cater for the different needs of consumers. Consumer need is the core of the beverages business of the Group. By focusing on freshness management of products, adhering to value marketing, stabilizing prices across sales channels and working hard on brand building, we built up brand assets. The annual revenue of our beverages business amounted to RMB12,560.4 million in 2020, representing a year-on-year decline of 1.3%. The business performance of our major beverages is as follows: Revenue from the tea drinks of the Group in 2020 amounted to RMB5,444.0 million. The revenue was influenced by the epidemic in the first quarter and steadily picked up after the second quarter and gradually returned to normal. “Uni Ice Tea ” continued to convey ”. We focused on the new generation consumer group of Generation Z in brand promotion. With an accurate understanding of the favourite games/two-dimensional culture of the new generation, we tapped into eSports by conducting cross-industry cooperation with KPL (King Pro League), an eSports game. Leveraging the benefits brought by the popularity of games under the “otaku economy ” and the multiple drinking scenarios of youngsters, we were able to accurately target Generation Z in the eSports circle through synergetic cooperation among multiple online and offline platforms. In 2020, we cooperated with the top ten eSports teams of KPL to organize the “Uni Ice Tea ” “Battle Bottle DIY Competition Battle DIY ”, in which fans of the eSports players turned internet traffic into sales volume. Marketing on fans was carried out through interactions with popular game characters by means of bottle packages, live streaming on the internet, cross-platform cooperation and peripheral products, in order to attract more new generation consumers and improve brand favourability. In line with the health awareness of consumers, we adopted an annual marketing theme of “Being close to the nature, providing bonus to health ” for “Uni Green Tea ” in 2020 and highlighted the healthy features of “low sugar” and “tea polyphenols” in promotion. Brand visibility was strengthened through media platforms which youngsters actively visited. We also carried out public welfare campaigns such as “Send coolness to people working in high temperature ” and “Send coolness to delivery riders ”, which demonstrated the support of the brand to public welfare activities. Together with the coverage by mainstream media, the image of “Uni Green Tea ” as a national drink was reinforced as a result of better perception by the public. At the same time, the low-sugar and healthy attitude of the brand which supported public welfare was accentuated to help build up brand assets. “Classmate Xiaoming ” ” which was given brand new packages and character images in 2020. We promoted such products based on the brand spirit of “optimistic, humorous, lively and courageous 、 ” and by centring on Mr. Wu Lei , the well-matched brand spokesperson, in order to achieve maximized benefits of the fan economy through focusing on marketing to fans. The new goal of the brand “Classmate Xiaoming ” was achieved through three ways, namely enhancing product strength, realizing promotion strength and redeveloping business strength. “Chai Li Won ” continued to convey the product appeal ”. In 2020, we leveraged celebrity influence to build up brand recognition and create the “top” brand image. We communicated with consumers through videos by centring on the workplace hot topics that consumers were interested in. We also continued to nurture sugar-free tea consumers in key cities. By expanding sales channels to convenience stores and supermarkets and cooperating with e-commerce platforms, we enlarged our communication channels with consumers. The refrigerated tea “Refreshing Tea · ” adopts the freeze- extraction technique to bring the freshest, original and real tasting experience to consumers. The concept of 21 days of freshness continued to be enhanced in 2020. Through “21-Day Brand Day 21 ” and the “One Cup One Code ” red packet QR code activity, we established the brand recognition of freshness and rapport with consumers, which further enhanced the brand awareness. In 2021, we will strive to develop a brand positioning of “good tea has a sweet taste ”. Through developing drinking scenarios for the product, the brand awareness and consumption frequency will be improved. Capitalising on the low- ” will expand its area of brand strength, explore sales channels in lower- tier markets and carry out promotion among new youngsters and new blue-collar population to reinforce its image as a national drink by means favoured by consumers. “Uni Ice Tea ” will leverage spokesperson cooperation to earn the recognition of Generation Z by taking advantage of the eSports culture and will continue to convey the brand attitude of “Stay Young for Ever ” favoured and recognised by youngsters. In 2021, for our tea business, we will actively embrace the opportunities brought by the new consumption environment, explore product sales opportunities in multiple scenarios, meet different consumption needs through customized product specifications, and capitalize on the rapid development trend of internet and household consumption in order to create new growth engines in the post-epidemic era. In 2020, in response to the trend of consumption upgrade, the Group stepped up investment in internet resources for its juice business to convey the benefits of healthy juice to consumers. A total revenue of RMB1,578.2 million was recorded during the year. In 2020, we continued to convey the benefits of “Uni Orangeate ”, which are rich in vitamin C and contain dietary fibre equivalent to 3.5 oranges. We published a public welfare video starring Mr. Wang Yuan , the brand spokesperson, to call on people to take precautionary measures and remind people to consume Vitamin C, which demonstrated our concern on health issues. We promoted the image of hotpot + “Uni Orangeate ” as partners on the dining table and introduced new packages for Wang Yuan week bottles in the second half of the year to highlight the idea of satisfying daily health needs with a bottle of “Uni Orangeate ”. By doing so, we continued to enhance the brand value of “Uni Orangeate ” to new generation consumers, which is “More Vitamin C, More Fiber, More Beauty C ”. In 2021, for the juice business, the Group will be well-positioned to ride the trend. While continuously promoting the benefits of healthy juice products, we will capitalize on the changes in consumption demand and market trend to enhance the image of juice and delicacy as partners on the dining table and tap into the market of 100% juice, as our proactive efforts in expanding the market. The Group will stay attached to the business strategy of value marketing and focus on developing and optimizing product strength, in order to provide consumers with healthy and tasty juice of different concentrations and temperatures to satisfy their diverse needs. In 2020, the revenue of “Uni Assam Milk Tea ” increased by 7.3% as compared with that of the corresponding period last year. We expressed the warm care of the brand and accentuated the distinctive “therapeutic ” effect of milk tea products through the theme of “I Heal You as Spring Breeze Heals the Earth ”. We created multiple drinking scenarios featuring “A Special Blend of Milk Tea For Good Mood ” and published educational videos in order to increase the number of drinking occasions and consumption volume of Assam Milk Tea. Adhering to the communication theme of “Say goodbye to the setbacks at present ”, we cooperated with popular TV dramas in the year to enhance consumers’ recognition of the brand. The 1.5L large sized bottle was continuously promoted by creating drinking scenarios suitable for large bottles in a youthful style. “Assam Small Milk Tea ” attracted the attention of consumers through a differentiated marketing model to build up a brand image associated with warm winter by continuously focusing on key cities and the hot drinks market. “Uni Milk Tea ” placed emphasis on the household drinking scenario by mainly offering bundled products to nurture the habit of drinking milk tea at home and encourage milk tea beginners to develop a drinking habit. For promotion, by developing the theme of “Mouthful of Malt ”, we closely communicated with consumers to maintain brand vitality. In 2021, we will continue to promote the youthfulness of the “Uni Assam Milk Tea ” brand by centring on “Smooth and Good Mood ”. On our development path towards stability, freshness and quickness, we will expand consumption in the catering and household scenarios and in occasions suitable for hot drinks. While expanding the scope of our sales channels, we will stringently manage freshness. In respect of “A-Ha ” Coffee, the Group continued to focus on “A-Ha Iced Coffee ” in 2020 to express the brand appeal of “Enjoy the Endless Vitality ”. For promotion, enhancing brand awareness was the main emphasis. For sales channels, due to the normalization of epidemic prevention and control, we proactively developed the delivery business from e-commerce store to home in order to satisfy the household drinking needs of consumers. In light of the demand of the target consumer group who aspired ”, a winter-only limited edition product, under “La Rive Gauche de la Seine ” in November 2020, which was available for sale on specific sales channels. As the product received positive feedbacks from consumers, the brand awareness was effectively enhanced. In 2021, the Group will continue to regard “A-Ha Iced Coffee ” as the focus of its coffee business, carry out major tasks in its base area and develop sales channels in key cities to seek breakthroughs. With a focus on East China, “La Rive Gauche de la Seine ” will proactively tap into the chilled coffee market by introducing seasonal limited edition flavour where appropriate to meet the needs of consumers for seasonal products. The Group continued to focus on the operation of “ALKAQUA ”, a mid– to high-end natural mineral water brand. In 2020, as influenced by the epidemic, consumers became more health conscious and “ALKAQUA ” engaged in rational communications with consumers by ensuring that its “content of H2SiO3 is twice over the national standard endorsement by medical experts, the 21-day rejuvenation challenge, and promotion methods such as placing outdoor advertisements in key cities, we strengthened promotion of the efficacy of “H2SiO3” in “ALKAQUA ” to nurture the “new generation” and “new middle class” consumer groups. Also, by leveraging internet-based media and utilizing delicacy as the entry point, we enhanced the household consumption scenario for 1.5L bottles to cope with the trend of online household consumption. In 2021, for “ALKAQUA ”, the Group will continue to improve the brand value by internally developing core differentiations and externally consolidating brand assets with attractive appearance. The “middle class and new middle class” that are particular about quality of life and healthy drinking water will be the target groups of our promotion. With regard to “mineral water” itself, we will promote the understanding of “ALKAQUA = Good Mineral Water = Following the rising trend of consumption upgrade, the Group continued to develop high-end bottle can drinks. We adopted a differentiated product strategy for the first flavour “Mango & Pomelo Sweet Soup ” under “Keep Sweet ” to develop a premium ready-to-drink dessert brand and utilized online promotion on the internet to effectively improve interaction with consumers and product repurchase rate. For “Chuan Qi ” pure tea, based on the product strategy of exploring historical Chinese tea for enjoyment by consumers anywhere, we continued to improve our technology and techniques and managed to establish a production line for freshly brewed tea by leveraging the power of technology, for which we obtained a national patent. We adopted a communication axis of “Stay Warm this Winter ” for our rose-scented “allègre” milk tea, which was our key hot drink product in the winter and available for sales in major premium supermarkets and hypermarkets across the country. Together with the self-heating mug developed by ourselves, we made hot drink readily available and got off to a good start in the implementation of our hot drink strategy. In the face of the unexpected epidemic in 2020, the Group’s Research and Development (“R&D”) Centre capitalized on the changes in consumption perception and lifestyle brought by the epidemic, gained insights into the emerging new opportunities, took advantage of the trend and made improvements in order to produce products that consumers will “be comfortable and happy (Bottle Can) As for food, as the convenient lifestyle where people may enjoy delicacy at home has become very common among consumers these days, there has been a rapid growth of self-heating food. After the launch of the self-heating rice dishes of “Kai Xiao Zao ”, the Group noticed the rise of self- heating hotpot and therefore introduced “Spicy Beef ” to expand the consumption scenarios of “Kai Xiao Zao ”. “Spicy Beef Hotpot ” is based on the authentic Chongqing cow oil hotpot and made of stir-fried ingredients accompanied by a strong pepper aroma and a spicy taste. “Double-flavor Hotpot ” features both of the authentic Chongqing cow oil hotpot and mushroom chicken soup to provide the two savours of spiciness and umami. These two hotpot flavours were immediately recognised by and became popular among consumers upon their launch. “Uni-President That Street That Lane ” aims to provide consumers with the street delicacy of local flavour. Upon our tremendous efforts in optimizing the sterilization, preservation, seasoning and packaging technologies, we introduced two local delicacies under “That Street That Lane ” in 2020, namely “Guilin Rice Noodles ” (fresh rice noodles) and “Lanzhou Beef Noodles ” (semi-dry noodles). “Guilin Rice Noodles ” was researched and developed under the guidance of Ms. Zhou Yiqiong, the fourth-generation disciple of Guilin carrying-pole rice noodles, and made by traditional techniques, allowing people to enjoy the taste of street-side rice noodle restaurants within one minute; “Lanzhou Beef Noodles ” was researched and developed under the guidance of Mr. Ma Ting, the third-generation successor of the cooperative partner Mazilu , a China time-honoured brand, allowing people to enjoy the flavour that can be found in the Mazilu physical store in Lanzhou. As for drink, in May 2020, “Classmate Xiaoming ” introduced the classic barley black tea in vogue in Taiwan. The combination of roasted barley, mellow black tea and special sugar brings a sweet and rich taste and makes it a distinctive and differentiated flavour since being launched. We optimized the recipe of “Uni Kumquat Lemon Beverage ” in June 2020. By using Vietnamese Kaman orange juice and concentrated spice processed at a low temperature in a vacuum environment, we are able to offer a refreshing, sour, sweet and juicy product, turning the classic street-side lemon-flavoured beverage into a crafted drink. Under the impacts of the epidemic, consumers had a significantly greater willingness to make health-related consumptions. Beverage products that are healthy, natural and savoury are increasingly favoured by consumers. Taking this as the entry point, the Group selectively imported unprocessed orange juice for production of the 100% orange juice “Vitality Awakening ” in order to offer “tasty” 100% juice. Developing core technologies to ensure competitive advantages is one of the key targets of the Group. In 2020, through innovation supported by internal and external synergies as well as independent self-driven innovation, we continued to take forward over ten core technology projects. For instance, the self-heating package technology was successfully applied to “Kai Xiao Zao ” self-heating rice, and the enzymatic hydrolysis technology for tea was successfully applied to “Chai Li Won ” Japanese green tea. As of December 2020, our R&D Centre had 106 authorized patents and 51 patents were in application. We will continue to create barriers for our superior technologies. In 2021, in order to ensure that consumers will “be comfortable and happy to eat ”, the Group will dedicate its R&D efforts to continuous innovation, product optimization and upgrade and development of core technologies. We uphold the philosophy of “Three Goods and One Fairness: Good Quality, Good Credit, Good Service and Fair Price healthy and delicious food to consumers. To enhance the level of food safety management system, we have set up Food Safety Committee and Food Safety Centre to cultivate food safety culture and implement food safety assurance system, formulate food safety policy, improve assessment, alert and monitoring of food safety risks for guaranteeing food safety, undertake quality assurance system management of the Group, formulate and implement policy of product quality for guaranteeing product quality. With the mission of “be comfortable and happy to eat 、 ”, a consensus is reached that food safety is the Group’s commitment to customers and the brands as well as the foundation of the Company’s sustainable development. We will continue to promote the development of a food safety culture and a working environment that encourages food safety practices and food safety culture where all employees could participate in prevention and improvement works in respect of food safety so that our products could meet the requirements of laws and regulations and earn the recognition of consumers. We continue to improve regulatory mechanism of supply chain of raw materials and focus on strengthening food safety management of the source of supply chain and monitoring of food products safety. We have implemented assessment of food safety qualifications of suppliers and field inspection of food safety of suppliers, established monitoring mechanism of food safety projects of raw materials to ensure the implementation of monitoring of food quality and safety starting from the source of supply chain and established mechanism of qualification review of production plants and field assessment. Apart from conducting strict inspection on food products according to the relevant laws and regulations prior to their delivery, all-rounded food safety monitoring will also be carried out to ensure safety and taste of our products. We actively promote source management of suppliers. In addition to provision of training to our suppliers, we have introduced third party professional agencies to evaluate our suppliers, and assist them to establish their own scientific and effective food safety and quality management system. We have fully introduced Food Safety Protection Program covering the production and sale process starting from product design to ensure consumers are rest assured. We pay close attention to various food safety incidents of other food manufacturers, timely carry out risks assessment, inspect raw materials and food products similar to the ones used in those incidents, improve food safety management system to guarantee food safety, actively participate in the formulation and revision of relevant national standards, compile and promulgate food regulations and domestic and foreign food safety information to enhance food safety awareness of the Group, promote full implementation of food regulations and safety standards to safeguard consumers’ interests. Our Food Safety Centre passed the annual China National Accreditation Service for Conformity Assessment (CNAS accreditation) since 2005 and 172 projects of the Group had been approved thus far. Meanwhile, with the co-operation of laboratories of each of our subsidiaries and external detection and testing institutions, the needs for detection and testing key food safety items are met, providing us with professional and authoritative detection and testing service and technical support to guarantee food safety. With our innovation in laboratory detection and testing system, seven technical achievements were awarded with national patents. As of 2020, 28 subsidiaries of the Group have passed the ISO9001 International Standard Quality Management System Certification, and 26 subsidiaries have been accredited with the ISO22000 International Standard Food Safety Management System Certification. These certifications and awards recognised our ongoing improvement of food safety and quality assurance system and our capability of safeguarding food safety as well as our dedication to providing consumers with delicious, healthy and safe food. The Group spared no effort in our operation, research and development, innovation, brand building and sales expansion, aiming to meet customer needs, develop and strengthen the corporation constantly and maximise the revenue. In order to focus the use of resources, maximize the benefits, the Group did not solely rely on its own production resources. It also outsourced its production to other professional beverages manufacturers (including external independent third parties and related party companies). A strategic alliance was formed under such long-term co-operation with the external manufacturers, enabling the Group to outsource production mode to adjust production capacity in addition to the basic production capacity, providing the Group with production flexibility. Thus, the Group was able to fully utilise its resources on core operation and optimise its efficiency. For the year ended 31 December 2020 (the “Year”), the Group recorded a revenue of RMB22,761.8 million, representing an increase of 3.4% from RMB22,019.7 million for 2019. Revenue from the food business increased by 10.9%, and revenue from the beverages business decreased by 1.3%, standing at RMB9,424.5 million and RMB12,560.4 million respectively, accounting for 41.4% and 55.2% respectively of the Group’s total revenue. During the Year, gross profit of the Group increased by 1.9% from RMB7,918.3 million for the corresponding period last year to RMB8,065.9 million, while the gross profit margin decreased by 0.6 percentage points from 36.0% for the corresponding period last year to 35.4%, which was mainly due to the structure changes in the contribution of food and beverage of the Group and other impacts. During the Year, the selling and marketing expenses decreased by approximately RMB17.2 million to RMB5,350.4 million (2019: RMB5,367.6 million). During the Year, administrative expenses amounted to RMB957.9 million (2019: RMB1,007.2 million). The decrease in selling and marketing expenses was mainly due to the reduction in taxes and administrative fees by the PRC government as well as a decrease in travelling expenses, despite an increase in expenses for sales channels as a result of products stretching to lower-tier markets. The decrease in administrative expenses was due to reduction in the rate of and exemption of social insurance fees by the PRC government. Operating profit was RMB2,108.3 million for the Year, increasing by 16.7% from the operating profit of RMB1,806.3 million for 2019. The share of profits of investments accounted for using the equity method amounted to RMB45.8 million (2019: RMB13.0 million) during the Year, mainly due to the stable and excellent performance of the joint ventures in investment and operation. Profit attributable to equity holders of the Company for the Year was RMB1,625.7 million, representing an increase of 19.0% as compared with RMB1,366.2 million of 2019. Earnings per share during the Year were RMB37.64 cents (2019: RMB31.63 cents). As at 31 December 2020, the Group had cash at bank and on hand of RMB6,068.4 million (31 December 2019: RMB6,483.5 million), among which 99.93% was denominated in Renminbi and 0.04% was denominated in United States dollar. The Group mainly financed its operation and capital expenditures with internally generated cash flow. As at 31 December 2020, the Group’s total financial liabilities decreased by 55.9% to RMB532.4 million (31 December 2019: RMB1,207.1 million), which was attributable to the repayment of certain bank borrowings as short-term working capital was relatively sufficient. 100% of the Group’s total financial liabilities was denominated in Renminbi. As at 31 December 2020, all of the Group’s financial liabilities bore floating interest rates. As at 31 December 2020, the Group did not have any secured bank borrowing (31 December 2019: Nil). The Group aims to maintain an appropriate capital structure. Taiwan Ratings Corporation, a credit rating agency, issued a credit rating report on 30 June 2020, and maintained the Group’s long term ”, Subsequently, Taiwan Ratings Corporation withdrew the rating on 30 June 2020 at the request of the Group. The rating outlook of the Group at the time of the withdrawal was “Stable ”. The gearing ratios of the Group as at 31 December 2020 and 31 December 2019 were as follows: Note 1: As at 31 December 2020, the decrease in cash at bank and on hand was mainly due to the Group’s purchase of financial products issued by commercial banks. As at 31 December 2020, the Group had financial assets at fair value through profit or loss of RMB1,621.6 million (31 December 2019: Nil) Note 2: The gearing ratio is computed as the net cash divided by the sum of total equity and net cash. The Group reviewed its gearing ratio on a regular basis. According to the capital plan for the future, the Group tried to maximize revenue for its shareholders with capital risk awareness in mind. Capital structure was constantly adjusted according to changes in the operational environment. Total borrowings (including lease liabilities) Gearing ratio (Note) (66.30%) (63.14%) As at 31 December 2020, the Group recorded a year-on-year net decrease in cash and cash equivalents of RMB569.5 million, comprising net cash inflow from operating activities of RMB3,215.2 million, net cash outflow from investing activities of RMB1,700.8 million and net cash outflow from financing activities of RMB2,084.0 million. The Group’s capital expenditure for the Year was RMB385.1 million (31 December 2019: RMB409.0 million). The Group stringently controls and manages the levels of trade receivables, trade payables and inventories. Sales to most customers are made on a delivery on payment basis. Trade receivables are generated from credit sales to credit customers from modern channels and e-commerce business (including but not limited to food and groceries stores, stalls and department stores) with credit terms normally ranging from 60 to 90 days. During the Year, attributable to the growth in percentage of sales through e-commerce channels and modern channels, net trade receivables increased by RMB11.4 million to RMB580.5 million (31 December 2019: RMB569.1 million). The Group’s inventories mainly comprised raw materials, packaging materials, finished goods and low-value consumables. The inventories turnover days increased by four days as compared with 2019, which was attributable to the early preparation of products for the Chinese New Year. As at 31 December 2020, the inventories balance increased by RMB204.5 million to RMB1,943.5 million (31 December 2019: RMB1,739.0 million) as compared to the beginning of the Year. The Group’s trade payables mainly arise from credit purchases of raw materials. During the Year, trade payables increased by RMB156.3 million to RMB1,879.7 million (31 December 2019: RMB1,723.4 million), which was attributable to the increase in goods and raw materials required in the early preparation for increased production and sales during the Chinese New Year. The following table sets out the major turnover days during the two years ended 31 December 2020. Trade receivables turnover days were calculated based on the average of trade receivables balances as at the beginning and the end of the year divided by revenue multiplied by days in the year. Inventory turnover days were calculated based on the average of inventory balances as at the beginning and the end of the year divided by cost of sales multiplied by days in the year. Trade payables turnover days were calculated based on the average of trade payable balances as at the beginning and the end of the year divided by cost of sales multiplied by days in the year. The Group reckoned that inventory turnover days, trade receivables turnover days and trade payable turnover days in the distribution channel helped the Group in understanding the efficiency of inventory liquidity and the sales and cash conversion cycle. Through reviewing and improving the turnover days, the Group could improve its revenue, profit and the ability of on-going growth for the sake of enhancing operational efficiency. The Group adheres to the principle of financial prudence. It seeks to control risk variables and moves forward prudently by moderately adjusting its selling and marketing expenses according to market conditions, and making appropriate capital expenditures to optimise and expanding the infrastructure and marketing assets for sales channels. The Group’s finance department has formulated financial risk management policies based on the policies and procedures approved by the Board and guided by the executive Directors. These policies are reviewed by the Group’s internal audit department and internal control department regularly. The Group’s financial policy aims at reducing impacts of interest rate and exchange rate fluctuations on the Group’s overall financial position, as well as minimising the Group’s financial risk exposure. The Group’s finance department provides centralised financial risk (including interest rate and foreign exchange risk) and cash flow management, and cost-effective funding for the Group and its members. During the Year, the Group has maintained an automated reconciliation system, which significantly improved capital efficiency and accounting treatment effectiveness. It was the Group’s treasury management policy not to engage in any highly risky investment or speculative derivative product and not to invest the working capital in financial products with significant underlying leverage or risks, including hedge funds or similar financial products. The Group continued to adopt a conservative approach to financial risk management with no significant bank borrowing during the Year. Most of the Group’s receipts and payments were denominated in Renminbi since a majority of its revenue was derived from operations in the PRC. The Group may use foreign exchange forward contracts, when appropriate, for risk aversion when it is exposed to foreign exchange risk arising from assets or liabilities, such as cash and cash equivalents and borrowings, which may be denominated in other currencies. As at 31 December 2020, the Group did not hold any significant investments with a value of 5% or more of the Group’s total assets. The Group did not have any material contingent liabilities as at 31 December 2020. The Group did not have any charge on group assets as at 31 December 2020. The Group had no material acquisition or disposal of subsidiaries, associates and joint ventures during the Year. The Directors confirmed that as at the date of this annual report, there was no plan for any material investment or to acquire capital assets other than those in the Group’s ordinary business of manufacturing and sale of beverages and instant noodles. As at 31 December 2020, the total number of employees of the Group was 30,430. The Group adhered to the policies of focused and streamlined operation, and organisational structure and staff structure were improved on a continuous basis to build a stronger and efficient enterprise. In terms of recruitment, the Group was streamlining its administration and progressing towards meritocracy. The Group insisted on building a stable and robust team through mechanisms including comprehensive training and humane care. Internal training, regular position transfer, external exchange and part-time study and other measures enhanced our overall performance and provided talents for key positions of the Group steadily. Meanwhile, priorities were given to internal promotion over external recruitment, and performance appraisal and other measures were implemented to keep the current management team ambitious and strong. To achieve the Group’s annual goals, the Group had performance bonuses and incentive schemes in place to commend and encourage employees at all levels to make outstanding contributions to the Group’s business. Performance bonuses were distributed on the basis of the realised earnings and profits objectives of individual business units and the Group as a whole, as well as the performance appraisal. The Group’s remuneration policy rewarded our employees and directors with reference to their performance, qualifications, demonstrated capabilities, market comparable information and the performance of the Group. As part of the Group’s remuneration policy, the Group entered into individual employment contracts with each of its employees, which covered wages, social security benefits, workplace safety and hygiene environment, confidentiality obligations on trade secrets and termination conditions. During the Year, total staff costs (including directors’ remuneration) were RMB3,371.8 million (2019: RMB3,416.1 million). 