China Shun Ke Long Holdings Limited (the “Company” with its subsidiaries, collectively, the “Group”) is an investment holding company and the Group is a supermarket chain store operator with geographical focus in Guangdong province of the People’s Republic of China (the “PRC”). During the year ended 31 December 2020 (the “FY2020” or “the Year”), the Group maintained both retail and wholesale distribution channels. The Group’s focus on the suburban and rural areas of the PRC made it different from other major players in the market. Our development Macau S.A.R. During the FY2020, the Group opened 5 retail outlets and closed 4 retail outlets. As at 31 December 2020, the Group had 69 retail outlets located in Guangdong province of the PRC and 2 retail outlets located in the Macau Special Administrative Region (“Macau”) of the PRC, respectively. The following table sets forth the movements in the number of retail outlets of the Group during the FY2020 and the year ended 31 December 2019 (the “FY2019”): The following table sets forth the breakdown of the number of retail outlets of the Group by geographical location as at 31 December 2020: Number of During the FY2020, the Group managed to keep all sole and exclusive distribution rights it gained prior to the FY2020. The Group maintained sole and exclusive distribution rights for 26 brands covering Foshan, Jiangmen and Zhaoqing. The exact coverage of the Group’s sole and exclusive distribution rights varied among those 26 brands. Instead of developing the size of general wholesale customer base, the Group put more emphases on gaining more sub-distributors as the Group’s customers rather than retailers. The Group has a franchise scheme opened for application by interested parties to franchise retail outlets. The proceeds from selling goods to franchisees of the Group form part of its wholesale distribution revenue. The following table sets forth the movements in number of franchise outlets of the Group during the FY2020 and 2020 is very unusual year due to the outbreak of coronavirus disease (“COVID-19”) pandemic in early 2020. As a result, huge impacts have been seen in the economy in the PRC and across the globe. Particularly, the retail sector, which is closely connected to people’s daily lives, has the first taste of the impact. In the face of COVID-19, the Group, as an enterprise in the PRC focusing on business related to people’s daily lives, the Group has developed the scheme and/or internal control regime in respect of the COVID-19 pandemic prevention and supervision to ensure the normal operation of the Group’s 66 stores. Particularly, the Group bravely undertook its social responsibilities and followed the local governments’ instructions on stabilising prices and ensuring supply of goods, which has been recognised by the public. With the joint efforts of the Group’s management and employees, the Group achieved a positive operating and financial performance in the FY2020. With the catalyst of network marketing and the COVID-19 pandemic, retail sector in the PRC is undergoing tremendous changes, which can be evidenced by the rapid growth of e-commerce platforms and the emergence of community group purchase. As such, the Group has actively adjusted and transformed its current business. Centering on the strategy of “adhering to the essence and seeking change while stabilising”, it has improved its capabilities in products, services, accessibility, digitalisation and profitability. In terms of products, the Group gradually improved the direct purchasing process and combined long- distance procurement with short-distance procurement to achieve the purpose of reducing procurement cost and enriching the variety of goods. In addition, the Group has improved the variety of the products on a regular and optimal basis, such as its core categories and cooperated with 26 fruit and vegetable bases to introduce the fresh food. In terms of service capability, the Group initiated a three-year campaign of “Quality Year”. The Group strived to change the store image. It established a complete closed-loop management system from training programme implementation to assessment adjustment as to improve service efficiency and quality. In terms of accessibility, the Group utilised its self-run platform with other third party platforms. Priority was given to community marketing which attracted more online and offline traffic via its own platform called “SKL selected” mini programme, strengthened cooperation with Taoxianda, Ele.me, JD Home and other e-commerce platforms and improved its delivery capacity, so as to achieve online and offline integration. In terms of digitalisation, the Group introduced and improved the price comparison system, continuous replenishment program and other systems to facilitate the transformation and upgrading its business model. Additionally, it sorted out the information of its members to integrate online and offline members. The Group built multiple member application scenarios through platforms, such as Ele.me, JD Home, Meituan and Alipay, and live-streaming marketing. With around 600,000 members, it has made remarkable results. In terms of profitability, the Group introduced new stores called “Fresh Hubs” which mainly sell fresh food, to meet community needs precisely. Meanwhile, it actively expanded the wholesale business. The Group has won the bidding of some large projects, including an army life service station in Sansha and canteens of 17 schools in Shunde District. With the above measures, the Group believes that there are undiscovered opportunities for development amid stability. However, there are uncertainties caused by the global environment. The Group, which remains a leading retailer in the Pearl River Delta region, will look for and seize business opportunities in other provinces, especially in the Hainan Free Trade Zone, in a bid to expand the business territory. Furthermore, the Group will continuously pay attention to different investment opportunities, identify appropriate businesses and projects for shareholders, and increase shareholder returns. The Group’s financial condition, results of operations, and business prospects may be affected by a number of risks and uncertainties directly or indirectly pertaining to the Group’s businesses. The followings are the key risks identified by the Group. There may be other risks particularly, in addition to those shown below which are not known to the Group or which may not be material now but could turn out to be material in the future. Under fierce competition in retail industry, we have to face many competitors locally or from overseas. Our future growth and profitability depend in part on our ability to expand our business presence and network in the Greater Bay Area and to implement our expansion plan. Particularly, it is subject to the risks and uncertainties as to our ability to identify suitable sites for new retail outlets, availability of resources and funding for expansion plan, our ability to attract management talents, and our ability to obtain government approvals, etc. If we failed to implement to same, our results of operations may be adversely affected. Consumer preferences in the PRC are changing at a rapid pace and are affected by many factors such as economic conditions, disposal income, government policies, family structure, trend, and many other factors. The success of our business depends on our ability to provide products which meets the customer demands. If we fail to accurately forecast and adjust our product mix in time to meet the consumer demands and preferences, our results of operations may be adversely affected. As the Group is facing keen competition from other players of the supermarket industry and online retailers, and due to the increase in the operating costs, the profit margin has been squeezed and have a thin net profit margins. If there is any occurrence of unfavourable event such as the outbreak of infectious disease e.g., COVID-19, concern over safety of product, price advantage of our competitors etc., our volume of products sold, selling prices or costs of sales, may be adversely affected. Online retailing platform has been rising abruptly these years. Based on its inherent attributions such as efficiency, it has been threatening our retail outlets or slowing down our pace of expanding our retail outlets network before we establish our own robust online retailing channels. As such, this further the competition in this supermarket operation industry. The Group is mainly engaged in the supermarket business, which has a high demand for staff. Shortage of manpower or higher staff turnover rate may adversely affect our business, operating results and expansion plans. In recent years, the turnover rate of younger people working in our business has been on the rise. For the FY2020, despite the impact of online e-commerce and the COVID-19 pandemic, the revenue of the Group was approximately RMB888.7 million, representing a decrease of approximately RMB56.5 million or 6% when comparing with revenue for the FY2019. The decrease in the revenue was mainly due to the decrease in turnover of wholesale distribution caused by the COVID-19 pandemic. For the FY2020, the Group’s revenue from retail outlet operation was approximately RMB691.7 million, representing an increase of approximately RMB27.3 million or 4.1% comparing with the FY2019. The increase was mainly due to the refinement of store management, improvement of operational standards and enhancement of customer service levels. For the FY2020, the Group’s revenue from wholesale distribution was approximately RMB197.0 million, representing a decrease of approximately RMB83.8 million or 29.8% comparing with the FY2019. The decrease was mainly due to (i) the termination of the Company’s granulated sugar business due to the low gross profit margin of the business, and (ii) the decrease in sales orders for wholesale business due to the closure or suspension of operations of some of the Company’s wholesale customers, especially those in the catering industry, as a result of COVID-19 epidemic in FY2020. For the FY2020 and FY2019, the Group’s gross profit margins were 14.2% and 14.3%, respectively. The slightly decline was mainly due to the increase in the sales discounts offered during promotional activities. The following table sets forth the breakdowns of the revenue, cost of inventories sold and gross profit in respect of the two business segments of the Group for the FY2020 and FY2019: For the FY2020, the Group’s other operating income was approximately RMB35.0 million, representing a decrease of approximately RMB2.7 million or 7.2% comparing with the FY2019. The decrease was mainly due to the drop in promotion income from suppliers. For the FY2020, the Group’s selling and distribution costs were approximately RMB127.3 million, representing a decrease of approximately RMB17.5 million or 12.1% comparing with the FY2019. The decrease was mainly due to the reduction and exemption of employees’ social insurance fees as a result of the relevant PRC government’s regulations. For the FY2020, the Group’s administrative expenses were approximately RMB36.1 million, representing an increase of approximately RMB2.4 million or 7.1% comparing with the FY2019. The increase was mainly due to increase in the Directors’ and senior management’s remuneration and miscellaneous expenses of the Company. For the FY2020, the Group’s finance costs were approximately RMB11.5 million representing an increase of approximately RMB1.4 million or 13.9% comparing with the FY2019. The increase was mainly due to increase in interest expense of lease liabilities. In 2020, the management has performed an impairment assessment of property, plant and equipment and right-of- use assets of the Group. Accordingly, the Group’s property, plant and equipment had been impaired by RMB0.56 million, and there was no impairment of right-of-use assets. The recoverable amount of the cash generating unit is determined based on a discounted pre-tax cash flow projections, prepared in accordance with the financial budgets approved by management covering a five-year period. The major reason for such impairment was due to the impact of the temporary suspension of store operations during the outbreak of COVID-19 pandemic in the Group’s retail stores operated in Macau, which led to an pre-tax operating loss greatly. For the FY2020, the Group’s income tax expense was approximately RMB0.2 million, representing a decrease of approximately RMB0.3 million or 60% comparing with the FY2019, reflecting the drop of the net profit before income tax expense of profitable stores for the Year. For the FY2020, the Group’s net loss attributable to shareholders was approximately RMB16.5 million, representing a decrease of approximately RMB4.1 million or 19.9% comparing with the FY2019, which was mainly due to the decrease in selling and distribution costs during the Year. The Company stated that it was expected that the Group would record a net loss not more than RMB15,000,000 for the FY2020 in the positive profit alert announcement dated 5 February 2021 (the “Announcement”). The actual net loss is more than that in the Announcement mainly due to impairment loss recognised in respect of trade receivables of RMB1,501,000. For the FY2020, the Group’s total comprehensive expense attributable to the shareholders was approximately RMB18.2 million, representing an decrease of approximately RMB1.7 million or 8.5% comparing with FY2019. The appreciation of RMB against Hong Kong dollars resulted in an exchange loss of approximately RMB1.7 million on translation of the financial statements from the functional currency to the presentation currency in the FY2020, and the exchange losses were reflected as other comprehensive expense. The Group’s capital expenditure requirements were mainly related to additions of its property, plant and equipment and right-of-use assets for the newly opened and existing retail outlets. For the FY2020, the Group spent approximately RMB7.8 million and RMB68.6 million on the acquisition of property, plant and equipment and the right to use assets, respectively. As at 31 December 2020, the Group did not have any significant capital commitments (2019: nil). As at 31 December 2020, the Group had cash and cash equivalents of approximately RMB104.0 million (2019: approximately RMB122.6 million), out of which approximately RMB88.3 million was denominated in RMB and approximately RMB15.7 million was denominated in Hong Kong dollars or Macau Pataca. As at 31 December 2020, the Group had net current assets of approximately RMB129.8 million (2019: approximately RMB259.7 million) and net assets of approximately RMB239.5 million (2019: approximately RMB257.6 million). As at 31 December 2020, the Group did not have unutilised banking facilities (2019: Nil). On 21 October 2019, the Board announced that the Company, through its subsidiary, Guangdong Province Shun Ke Long Commerce Limited* ( ) (“Guangdong SKL”, formerly known as Foshan Shun Ke Long Commerce Company Limited* ( )) began to subscribe for up to RMB60 million of wealth management product from Shunde Rural Commercial Bank with expected annualised return rate of 2.8% to 3%. As at 31 December 2020, Guangdong SKL held RMB43.5 million of the wealth management product. In order to minimise the credit risk, the management of the Group has assigned responsible staff to determinate credit limits, credit approvals and other monitoring procedures to ensure that follow-up action is taken to recover overdue debts. The management considered that risk of default in respect of trade and other receivables is low and thus the identified impairment loss was immaterial. The Group did not hold any significant investments during the FY2020. The Group did not carry out any material acquisition nor disposal of any subsidiary during the FY2020. As at 31 December 2020, the Group had bank borrowings denominated in RMB of approximately RMB108 million (2019: approximately RMB108 million) secured by: (i) the pledge of certain buildings of the Group with carrying values of approximately RMB11.4 million as at 31 December 2020 (2019: approximately RMB11.7 million); (ii) the pledge of certain right-of-use assets of the Group with carrying values of approximately RMB19.0 million as at 31 December 2020 (2019: approximately RMB19.6 million); (iii) the pledge of certain investment properties of the Group with carrying values of approximately RMB9.4 million as at 31 December 2020 (2019: approximately RMB9.7 million). All the bank borrowings were repayable within one year. The interests of those loans were fixed at 5.23% per annum (2019: at fixed rate of 5.46% per annum). The following table sets forth the key financial ratios of the Group for the FY2020 and FY2019: Total loans Total equity Note: Gearing ratio is calculated as total loans divided by total equity. Majorities of the Group’s assets, liabilities and cash flows were denominated in RMB and part of the Group’s assets were denominated in HK$. During the FY2020, the appreciation of RMB against HK$ had no impact from translation as the reporting currency of the Group was RMB. Apart from that, the management of the Company viewed that the change in exchange rate for RMB against foreign currencies did not have significant impact on the Group’s financial position nor performance given that functional currencies of the Group was RMB. During the FY2020, the Group did not engage in any hedging activities and the Group has no intention to carry out any hedging activities in near future. The management of the Group will continue to closely monitor the foreign currency market and consider carrying out hedging activities when necessary. As at 31 December 2020, the Group did not provide any guarantee for any third party and did not have any significant contingent liabilities. The Group had a total of 1,295 employees as at 31 December 2020, of which 1,249 employees worked in the PRC and 46 worked in Hong Kong and Macau. Salaries of employees are maintained at a competitive level and are reviewed annually, with close reference to the relevant labour market and economic situation. The Group also provides internal training to staff and bonuses based upon staff performance and profits of the Group. During the FY2020, the Group had not experienced any significant disruption to its operations due to labour disputes nor had it experienced any difficulty in the recruitment of experienced staff. The Group maintains a good relationship with its employees. 