I. In the first half of 2018, the Company strived to deepen structural reform, promote mechanism innovation and boost industry transformation and upgrading in response to the actual business development and external environment. In addition, the Company was committed to fully implementing development plan, developing a detailed roadmap and proceeding it in an orderly way. Moreover, the Company believed in strengthening lean management and improving quality and efficiency. As a result, the Company accomplished the operating targets and key tasks assigned by the Board, and maintained a sound momentum of development. During the reporting period, the Company recorded operating income of RMB1,993,629,800, total profit of RMB90,205,200 and net profit attributable to shareholders of the parent company of RMB51,019,500. Amount for Amount for the corresponding Reasons for the changes: Financial expenses: Mainly due to the increase in interest expense of short-term bank borrowings; Net cash flows from operating activities: Mainly due to cash paid for purchasing of goods during the period; Net cash flows from investment activities: Mainly due to expiration of wealth management products purchased from banks; Net cash flows from financing activities: Mainly due to the short-term bank borrowings obtained and proceeds from discount; Assets impairment loss: Mainly due to the decrease in provision for impairment of inventories in the period; Credit impairment loss: The reclassification of impairment loss of financial instruments into this item to comply with new standards for financial instruments; Other income: Mainly due to the decrease in refunds of taxes in the period; Gain from the disposal of assets: Mainly due to the decrease in gain from the disposal of non-current assets in the period; Non-operating income: Mainly due to the decrease in government subsidy recognized under relevant accounting standards in the period. Amount at the end Amount at the end of the period as a percentage of the Amount at the end of the previous Amount at the end of the previous percentage of the Change in the amount at the end of the period as compared to the amount at the end of the Notes receivable and Due to the reclassification of eligible receivables into contract assets to Mainly due to the increase in deposit Mainly due to the increase in inventory Due to the reclassification of eligible receivables into contract assets to Available-for-sale of financial instruments originally accounted as available-for-sale financial assets into other non-current financial liabilities to comply with new standards Other non-current Due to the reclassification of financial instruments originally accounted as available-for-sale financial assets into other non-current financial liabilities to comply with new standards for financial Long-term deferred Mainly due to the amortization of long- term deferred expenses on a monthly Mainly due to the increase in short- Due to the reclassification of eligible receipts in advance into contract liabilities to comply with new revenue Due to the reclassification of eligible receipts in advance into contract liabilities to comply with new revenue Amount at the end Amount at the end of the period as a percentage of the Amount at the end of the previous Amount at the end of the previous percentage of the Change in the amount at the end of the period as compared to the amount at the end of the Mainly due to salaries and related cost Mainly due to the distribution of Mainly due to increase in government subsidy not yet recognized under relevant accounting standards at the In the first half of 2018, the Company cautiously made investments in fixed assets and relevant projects in accordance with the operating plan and the capital expenditure budget. To meet the needs for business development, the Company further optimized its corporate structure and accelerated industry transformation and upgrading. On the premises that relevant operation and business are unaffected, the Company disposed ineffective and low-efficiency assets. Nanjing Guanghua Electronics Plastic Casings Factory and Nanjing Panda Mechanical Engineering Plant, two controlling subsidiaries of the Company, have completed procedure of business deregistration. The deregistered companies have ceased operations, which have no significant effect on the Company’s overall production, operation and performance. 30 June 2018 January to June 2018 Registered Electronics Equipment Manufacture and sale of automatic transmission equipment and industrial Information Industry Production and sale of AFC and ACC systems and equipment of railway transit, building intellectualization USD3,194.6435 Electronic Manufacture Communications Manufacture and sale of mobile communication, digital communication and network communication Nanjing Panda Xinxing Industrial Co., Ltd. Nanjing Panda Electronic Technology Development Manufacturing of general purpose equipment, software development, and Shenzhen Jinghua Electronics Co., Ltd. Research and development, manufacturing and sales of communication equipment Information of major investee companies (January to June 2018) Operating Equity interests held by the Investment Income received by Nanjing Ericsson Panda Communication Co., Ltd. Beijing SE Putian Mobile Communication Co., Ltd. II. Warnings on any potential loss in accumulated net profit for the period from the beginning of the year to the end of next reporting period or any material changes from the corresponding period As the replacement speed of technologies relating to electronic information industry is fast and there is a certain gap between the core technologies of industrial robots of the Company and those of overseas advanced enterprises, the Company is currently lack of leading technology development talents, ingenious proprietary intellectual property rights and core technologies. The Company will continue to increase the R&D efforts, proactively introduce international and domestic high-end talents and enhance the construction of robot R&D center. Further efforts will be exerted to integrate scientific research force and innovate in investment mode, seeking to further improve the core technologies including controllers and servo system drivers and improve the product stability. The Company will speed up research and development of new products, understand the development trend of the industry and keep track of the latest technologies in both domestic and international electronic information industry. In case of failure, the Company will be faced with an adverse situation of loss in the core capacity, higher production cost and lower product competitiveness. The technological risk is within the scope of control at present. Spurred by industry policies, and amid continuously rising market demands, more capital may be injected in the electronic information industry in the future, especially the industry segments where the Company operates. The intelligent manufacturing equipment industry, represented by industrial robots, has seen rapid development and a more intense market competition with the further development of intelligent and automation industrial modes. The Company will continue to increase investments in the intelligent manufacturing equipment industry in terms of personnel, finance and property, and, based on the industrial policies, strengthen follow-up study on the needs of customers. It will expedite its speed of response to the corresponding market and enhance properties and quality of product while expanding marketing channels and innovating in marketing mode with a view to seizing market opportunities in advance and provision of well-liked products in line with market trend and customer’s needs and with high profitability. In case of failure, the future development and industry position of the Company will be affected. At present, the market risk is within the scope of control. As shown in the consolidated financial statements of the Company prepared under the PRC Accounting Standards for Business Enterprises, as at 30 June 2018, the Company’s gearing ratio (the ratio of total liabilities to total assets) was 41.12%; current liabilities amounted to RMB2,469 million; liquidity ratio was 1.92; quick ratio was 1.45; bank deposits and cash amounted to RMB1,127 million; and short-term bank and other loans amounted to RMB95 million. During the reporting period, the benchmark interest rate on 1-year RMB loans from financial institutions was During the reporting period, the Group did not purchase, sell or redeem any of the Company’s listed shares. There is no provision for pre-emptive rights according to the relevant laws of the PRC and the Articles of Association of the Company. At no time during the year had the Company become a party to any arrangements which enabled the directors, supervisors and senior management staff of the Company or any of their spouses or children under 18 to acquire benefits by means of the acquisition of shares in, or debentures of the Company or any other corporate bodies. During the reporting period, the Company purchased liability insurance for its directors, supervisors and senior management in compliance with relevant requirements under the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange(the “Listing Rules”). 