compared with that of the corresponding period last year. The decrease in gross profit for the Period was mainly due to the trading business with a relatively low gross profit ratio as compared to the other business segments. Furthermore, the major customer and the Group reached a consensus to decrease the service rate for the year 2016 so that the provision of mining services also recorded a lower margin. The investment and other income increased from HK$0.52 million to HK$13.54 million, primarily due to a gain of HK$13.40 million on disposal of securities during the Period. The administrative expense was approximately HK$19.42 million (2015: HK$23.03 million). The Group recorded a loss on change in fair value of the listed securities amounted to HK$27.40 million (2015: gain of HK$0.86 million) from the investment in held-for-trading securities and recognized an impairment loss amounted to HK$14.29 million from the available-for-sale investment. The losses were mainly as a result of the volatility of the securities market. The group also recorded a share of loss of approximately HK$0.42 million (2015: HK$66.77 million) from the investment in the associated companies. The significant decrease was primarily due to the absence of loss on investment in securities. The finance costs were decreased from HK$8.31 million to HK$4.05 million mainly due to the absence of imputed interests on the contingent consideration payable. During the Period, the Group disposed subsidiaries that carrying advertising and public relations services, resulting in gains of approximately HK$13.26 million. The Group considered that the disposal represents a good opportunity for the Group to realise its investments in the provision of advertising and public relations services in order to focus more resources for the development of its other principal business segments and to strengthen the capital base of the Group. During the Period, the Group purchased listed securities in Hong Kong for long term investment purpose and classified the investment as an available for sale of investment. At 31 December 2016, the fair value of the available-for-sale of investment was HK$43.62 million (30 June 2016: Nil). In conclusion, loss attributable to owners of the Company for the Period amounted to approximately HK$20.90 million (2015: HK$59.77 million). The decrease in loss was mainly due to the decrease in share of the loss of investment in associates. The Group provided coal mining services to six coal mines during the Period under the terms of the respective management contracts signed between the Group and the mine owners. The major revenue of this segment composes of service incomes from coal production and excavation works. During the six months ended 31 December 2016, approximately 7.51 million tonnes of coal had been produced and approximately 13.49 kilometres of tunnels had been excavated by the Group. During the Period, the Group’s provision of coal mining services recorded a revenue of approximately HK$148.42 million (2015: HK$164.98 million) which accounted for 58.46% of the Group’s total revenue from continuing operations. The Group owns a fluorite powder processing factory and two mines with exploitation licenses expiring in 2037 in Mongolia. The fluorite product segment has reported continuing losses and its future profitability is uncertain due to the unfavourable market conditions in recent years. The operation of this business segment has been suspended and accordingly an insignificant revenue was generated from the sales of inventory and an insignificant loss incurred during the Period. The Group resumed the operation of its trading of other mineral products (other than fluorites products) in the PRC. This segment recorded a revenue of approximately HK$96.33 million (2015: Nil) which accounted for 37.94% of the Group’s total revenue. Even though the gross profit margin is low because the market conditions for mineral products have not been improved much, the Group resumed this segment for maintaining its business networks. The Group operates its money lending business mainly through an indirectly wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, which obtained a money lenders licence under the Money Lenders Ordinance (Cap. 163, Laws of Hong Kong). During the Period, the revenue from loan interest income was approximately HK$7.88 million (2015: HK$5.42 million) which accounted for 3.10% of the Group’s total revenue. The interest rate charged by the Group ranged from 9.6% to 25% per annum. The loans were unsecured, with credit terms not exceeding one year. On 10 August 2016, the Group has acquired 51% of a company engaged in the operation of energy saving and environmentally friendly heating system and provision of related services which through a company (the “Project Company”) owns a heating system project in Heze City (the “Project”) of Shandong Province of the PRC. The country government has granted the Project Company a 30-year exclusivity right to supply heat in Longgu Town until the end of 2045. The operation of the Project Company is expected to provide heating supplies covering an area of 1.85 million square meters. Upon completion of the acquisition of the Project Company, in order to commence operation of the Project, the Group has acquired electric thermal storage heating machineries (the “Machineries”). However, during trial operation, it was discovered that the electricity consumption of the Machineries were significantly higher than the specifications provided by the suppliers of the Machineries (“Suppliers”). As a result of such discrepancy, the cost of supplying heat was substantially greater than the expected production cost which was calculated based on the level of electricity consumption claimed by the Suppliers. In view of the greater-than-expected production cost which adversely affects the expected profitability of the Project, the Group would like to opt out of operations with low profitability in order to better utilise and divert the Group’s resources to more profitable business thereby creating greater value for the shareholders of the Company. Accordingly, on 18 January 2017, the Group entered into an equity transfer agreement as vendor with an independent third party as purchaser to dispose of 100% equity interest in the Project Company at a consideration of RMB19.46 million. Completion of the disposal took place on 22 January 2017. In view of the inaccurate specifications of the Machineries provided by the Suppliers, as at the date of this report, the Group is still negotiating with the Suppliers for a settlement plan in respect of the down payment of approximately RMB31.44 million paid by the Group. On 11 August 2016, the Group entered into a cooperation agreement (the “Cooperation Agreement”) with the People’s Government of Wang Wen Zhuang, Xiqing District, Tianjin City* (“Wang Wen Zhuang Government”) to set out the framework for the parties’ cooperation in transforming the existing coal-fired heating systems in Wang Wen Zhuang, Tianjin City, the PRC to those powered by natural gas. Pursuant to the Cooperation Agreement, the cooperation includes transformation of coal-fired heating systems in three villages in Wang Wen Zhuang Town with heat supply area of approximately 323,000 square meter. Furthermore, the Group shall be given priority to operate the heating project with a preliminary estimated heat supply area of four million square meter proposed to be launched in the second phase demonstration town in Wang Wen Zhuang, on the same terms as offered by other heat suppliers. Definitive agreement in relation to the transformation project in three villages in Wang Wen Zhuang Town has been entered into among the village representatives, the Group and Wang Wen Zhuang Government. The Group has started to provide the heat supply service from November 2016. During the Period, the provision of heating segment recorded a revenue of approximately HK$0.85 million (2015: Nil), which accounted for 0.33% of the Group’s total revenue, and a loss of approximately HK$1.96 million (2015: Nil). Investment in available-for-sale investment and held-for-trading As at 31 December 2016, the Company had available-for-sale investment and held- for-trading investments in certain securities listed in Hong Kong, the fair value amounted to approximately HK$43.62 million (30 June 2016: Nil) and HK$46.26 million (30 June 2016:HK$69.62 million) respectively. During the Period, a loss arising on change in fair value of the listed securities of approximately HK$27.40 million was recorded and an impairment loss on available-for-sale investment of approximately HK$14.29 million was recognized. The Group holds 30% equity interest in Asset Management International Limited (together with its subsidiaries, the “Asset Management Group”). Asset Management Group engages principally in security investments. During the Period, the Group recorded a share of loss of approximately HK$0.42 million (2015: HK$66.77 million) from the investment in Asset Management Group. The coal industry was suffered by various factors such as the slowdown in domestic macro-economic growth, control of total energy consumption and optimization of energy structure. There was a sustained oversupply in the coal industry, resulting in descending coal price. In 2016, the Chinese government implemented policy of limiting coal production to prop up prices, the coal price gradually recovered and had shown a sign of recovery. The Group take the view that the recovery of the coal industries market was cautiously optimistic. There has been an increase in demand for heating system and such growing trend is expected to continue in coming years due to rapid urbanisation in the PRC. Furthermore, as various government policies have been implemented to encourage development of environmentally friendly heating systems to replace those powered by coal energy thereby reducing emissions, the Group can also take advantage of the favourable policies to develop its clean energy heating business in the PRC. The Group views its new heat supply operation as a promising prospect. In line with the Group’s strategy to develop its environmentally friendly heating business, the Group established certain subsidiaries in Shandong, Tianjin and Jiangsu for the operation of heat supply business. The Group intends to enter into cooperation agreements and establishing joint ventures with business partners in relevant areas. The Group believes that the cooperation with various business partners will enable it to jointly develop and expand heat supply business by utilising the resources and strengths of each party with an aim to expand the business scope and market share rapidly on heat supply business. Looking ahead, the Company will continue to look for potential investment opportunities. Subject to the financial resources, and should suitable investment or business opportunities arise, the Company may consider acquisition of assets and/or business in the heating supply industries in order to enhance its financial performance as well as value to the shareholders of the Company in the long run. Most of the trading transactions, assets and liabilities of the Group were denominated either in Hong Kong dollars, Renminbi or U.S. dollars. It is the Group’s policy for its operating entities to operate in their corresponding local currencies to minimize currency risks. The Company completed the placing of an aggregate of 1,046,260,000 new shares of HK$0.05 each in the Company on 21 April 2016. The net proceeds from the placing was of approximately HK$201.28 million. The Group intend to use 80% (approximately HK$160 million) of the proceeds for the development in the business of provision of services related to clean energy and the remaining 20% (approximately HK$40 million) of the proceeds for working capital purpose. As at the date of this report, the Group had utilized approximately HK$78.42 million for the investment in the joint ventures for the provision of heat services and purchasing heat supply equipment, and approximately HK$36.20 million for general working capital. The Group also advanced loans of approximately HK$17.69 million to independent third parties for earning interests. The provision of short term loan to the third parties would enable the Company to invest its cash resources and generate a better return before the proceeds used in the intended purposes. The remaining balance was deposited into the banks. On 17 October 2016, the Group, as vendor, entered into a sales and purchase agreement with an independent third party, as purchaser, pursuant to which the Group conditionally agreed to sell, and the purchaser conditionally agreed to acquire, 60% of the issued share capital of the PR ASIA, an indirectly wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, and which directly holds 100% equity interest of PR ASIA Consultants Limited (“PR ASIA Consultants”), at a total consideration of HK$36.3 million with a gain of approximately HK$13.26 million. Upon the completion of the disposal on 2 November 2016, PR ASIA Consultants was no longer a subsidiary of the Company and the Group ceased to hold any equity interest in each member of the PR ASIA Group. The acquisition and disposal of investments relating to the provision of heating supply has been disclosed in the above of this report. As at 31 December 2016, the Group held cash and cash equivalents of approximately HK$60.94 million (30 June 2016: HK$216.09 million). Net current assets amounted to approximately HK$559.16 million (30 June 2016: HK$639.54 million). As at 31 December 2016, the current ratio (defined as total current assets divided by total current liabilities) was approximately 6.72 times (30 June 2016: 7.07 times). The gearing ratio, being the ratio of total liabilities to total assets, was approximately 3.28 (30 June 2016: 3.38 ). The Group had no any bank borrowing as at 31 December 2016 (30 June 2016: Nil). As at 31 December 2016, none of the assets of the Group were pledged as security for any banking facilities. As at 31 December 2016, there were 1,479 staff members employed by the Group. The Group remunerates its employees mainly based on industry practices and their respective educational background, experience and performance. On top of the regular remuneration and discretionary bonus, share options may be granted to selected employees by reference to the Group’s performance as well as individual’s performance. In addition, each employee enjoys mandatory provident fund, medical allowance and other fringe benefits. As at 31 December 2016, the Group had no significant contingent liabilities. Save as disclosed in the annual report, no member of the Group was engaged in any litigation of material importance. On 4 January 2017, the Company entered into the deed of settlement (“Settlement Deed”) with a promissory note holder (“Holder”) pursuant to which, upon payment of sum of HK$44 million by the Company on or before 31 January (i) each party shall be deemed to have waived all obligations and claims, present or contingent, it has or may have arising from and/or in connection with the promissory note against the other party, and/or the performance or non- performance thereof; (ii) the promissory note held by the Holder shall be deemed to have been fully satisfied and be deemed to have been cancelled, and the Company shall be entitled to mark it as such. The outstanding principal under the promissory note held by the Holder in the amount of approximately HK$52.92 million as at the date of the Settlement Deed and with a fair value of approximately HK$44.6 million as at 31 December 2016.The transaction was completed on 10 January 2017. 