The Group recorded a revenue of HK$200 million for the Year as compared to HK$182 million for the Corresponding Year, representing an increase of approximately 9.9%. The increase in revenue was mainly due to the higher revenue income generated from Emerson’s operations business and the trading of household appliances, wires and cables in the PRC during the Year. This was partially offset by the decrease in revenue income generated by the PRC’s IT business. In fact, as the disposal of the licensing business was completed on 15 June 2021, the Group has re-classified the operation of the licensing business as a discontinued operation in the consolidated income statement for the Year, which also affected the total revenue for the Year. According to this re-classification, revenue generated from the licensing business for the Year amounting to HK$44 million was not included in the total revenue of the Group. Likewise, the revenue generated from the licensing business for the Corresponding Year of HK$58 million was also not included in the total revenue. Having taken into account the result of the discontinued operation, the Group recorded an audited loss attributable to the Shareholders of HK$86 million for the Year, which was lower than the audited loss of HK$87 million attributable to the Shareholders for the Corresponding Year. As at the date of this annual report, the current and continuing principal business activities of the Group include Emerson’s operations business, the PRC’s household appliances business, PRC’s IT services business and property development in the PRC. As mentioned above, on 7 April 2021, the Company, Grande N.A.K.S. Ltd and Unijoy Limited, both wholly owned subsidiaries of the Company, entered into a sale and purchase agreement with Sino Capital Resources Limited (the “Purchaser”), a company wholly owned by a director of Grande N.A.K.S. Ltd, under which Grande N.A.K.S. Ltd, as vendor, agreed to sell to the Purchaser, the entire issued share capital of Unijoy Limited (the “Disposal”). On 15 June 2021, the Disposal was completed, and therefore the management has classified the licensing business as a discontinued operation in the consolidated results for the Year. Emerson, a 72.4% owned subsidiary, whose shares are listed on the NYSE American in the United States of America (“USA”), generated revenue from the distribution of houseware products and audio products of HK$56 million for the Year as compared to HK$48 million for the Corresponding Year, representing approximately an increase of 16.7%. The increase in revenue was mainly due to Emerson’s core customers who benefitted from reduced competition during the Year, as many retailers were forced to close, either temporarily or permanently, or otherwise operated with reduced hours and restrictions on foot traffic and maximum capacities under COVID-19 restrictions. During the Year, Emerson continued to take active steps to streamline its operations and reduce and control its operating costs. The operating loss of Emerson for the Year was therefore reduced to HK$33 million as compared to HK$36 million for the Corresponding Year. Licensing revenue generated by Emerson for the Year was approximately HK$2 million, which is approximately the same as the Corresponding Year. Although the spread of COVID-19 pandemic has affected the overall economic environment adversely in the PRC, trading of household appliances, wires and cables in the PRC recorded a revenue of HK$142 million, as compared to HK$123 million for the Corresponding Year, representing approximately an increase of 15.4%. The increase in revenue was mainly due to two factors. Firstly, the price of copper increased during the Year as compared to the Corresponding Year, and that increased the sale prices of wires and cables, in effect, it increased the revenue from sales of wires and cables. Secondly, despite the fact that the COVID-19 pandemic has adversely affected most businesses during the Year, our PRC’s household appliances business team doubled its efforts to solicit new customers, and the revenue thereby increased from the selling of wires and cables to those new customers. Moreover, the PRC’s household appliances business team had implemented tighter cost controls, such that the operating profit of this operation for the Year was increased to HK$14 million as compared to HK$11 million for the Corresponding Year. The PRC’s IT business recorded no income during the Year, whereas the revenue for the Corresponding Year was HK$9 million. This loss in income was due to the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic as most companies have had to reduce their budget for non-profit generating units. Since the completion of the capital contribution in the sum of RMB10,408,200 in cash to the registered capital of Changsha Ningxiang Minjun Real Estate Development Co., Ltd.# “Ningxiang Minjun”, (the “Investment”) in late November 2019, the Group entered into property development in the PRC. As the Group’s principal businesses include property development, the Company is regarded as a qualified issuer in accordance with the Rule 14.04(10B) of the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on the Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the “Listing Rules”). Since then, the Group has commenced to participate in land auctions, carried out by various governmental bodies in different cities of the PRC, to bid for land reserves. Ningxiang Minjun owns the land use rights of a piece of land for residential use with a site area of approximately 49,502.99 sq.m. situated at the west of Ningxiang Avenue, north of Tongjie Road, Jingkai District, Ningxiang City, Hunan Province, the PRC (“Property I”). After completion of the Investment, the Group holds 51% equity interests in Property I. As at the date of this annual report, Property I is under development and pre-sale processes. According to the building plan of Property I, the approximate attributable GFA is 98,100 sq.m. and its approximate attributable saleable area is 68,200 sq.m. As at 31 March 2021, the Group achieved a total contracted sales amount of approximately RMB287,000,000, with a total contracted sales area of approximately 59,700 sq.m. from Property I. The average selling price is approximately RMB4,800 per sq.m. It is expected that the delivery of the units of Property I will take place in 2022. On 2 September 2020, the Group, through an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, successfully won the bidding in respect of the land use rights of a residential development site (“Property II”) at the bidding price of RMB264.3 million (equivalent to approximately HK$296.7 million). Property II is situated at the east of Qing Long Shan Road, the south of Zhong Yuan Xi Road of Gongyi City, Henan Province, the PRC 、 , with a site area of approximately 36,575.74 sq.m. The Group holds 100% equity interests in Property II. As at 31 March 2021, Property II was under development and pre-sale processes have not yet commenced. According to the building plan of Property II, the approximate attributable GFA is 96,900 sq.m. and its approximate attributable saleable area is 71,500 sq.m. Details of the acquisition of Property II are set out in the circular of the Company dated 18 November 2020. On 24 September 2020, the Group, through an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, successfully won the bidding in respect of the land use rights of a residential development site (“Property III”) at the bidding price of RMB191.5 million (equivalent to approximately HK$215.5 million). Property III is situated at the east of Qing Long Shan Road and the south of Ren He Road, Gongyi City, Henan Province, the PRC 、 , with a site area of approximately 35,702.18 sq.m. The Group holds 100% equity interests in Property III. As at 31 March 2021, Property III was under development and pre-sale processes have not yet commenced. According to the building plan of Property III, the approximate attributable GFA is 91,300 sq.m. and its approximate attributable saleable area is 69,900 sq.m. Details of the acquisition of Property III are set out in the announcement of the Company dated 24 September 2020. On 29 September 2020, the Group, through an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, successfully won the bidding in respect of the land use rights of a residential development site (“Property IV”) at the bidding price of RMB198.69 million (equivalent to approximately HK$223.53 million). Property IV is situated at the south of Guangya Road and the west of Guiba Road of Yangdong District, Yangjiang City, Guangdong Province, the PRC , with a site area of approximately 62,089.4 sq.m. The Group holds 100% equity interests in Property IV. As at 31 March 2021, Property IV was under development and pre-sale processes have not yet commenced. According to the building plan of Property IV, the approximate attributable GFA is 198,900 sq.m. and its approximate attributable saleable area is 153,800 sq.m. Details of the acquisition of Property IV are set out in the circular of the Company dated 18 November 2020. On 14 October 2020, the Group, through an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, successfully won the bidding in respect of the land use rights of a residential development site (“Property V”) at the bidding price of RMB956.12 million (equivalent to approximately HK$1,086.16 million). Property V is situated at the Ci Cheng New District, Jiangbei District, Ningbo City, Zhejiang Province, the PRC with the boundaries of the land marked by Hui Tong Road at its east; Jinxiu west street at its south, Ci Pu Road at its west and a planned green , with a site area of approximately 41,881 sq.m. The Group holds 100% equity interests in Property V. As at 31 March 2021, Property V was under development and pre- sale processes have not yet commenced. According to the building plan of Property V, the approximate attributable GFA is 100,200 sq.m. and its approximate attributable saleable area is 67,600 sq.m. Details of the acquisition of Property V are set out in the circular of the Company dated 18 November 2020. On 13 November 2020, the Group, through an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, successfully won the bidding in respect of the land use rights of a residential development site (“Property VI”) at the bidding price of RMB859.77 million (equivalent to approximately HK$997.33 million). Property VI is situated at the north side of Wu Xiang Da Road at Liangqing District, Nanning City, Guangxi Province, the PRC , with a site area of approximately 40,941.25 sq.m. As at 11 December 2020, the Group, through its indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, entered into a cooperation agreement with Guangxi Huayu and Nanning Ruihua for a joint venture arrangement in respect of the acquisition and development of Property VI (the “Cooperation Agreement”). Upon completion of the capital increase arrangement under the Cooperation Agreement, the Group holds 51% equity interests in Property VI. As at 31 March 2021, Property VI was under development and pre-sale processes have not yet commenced. According to the building plan of Property VI, the approximate attributable GFA is 117,400 sq.m. and its approximate attributable saleable area is 79,900 sq.m. Details of the acquisition of Property VI are set out in the circular of the Company dated 25 January 2021, and more information on the Cooperation Agreement is set out in the part headed “Material Acquisition and Disposal of Subsidiaries and Affiliated Companies” of this annual report. On 13 November 2020, the Group, through an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, successfully won the bidding in respect of the land use rights of a residential development site (“Property VII”) at the bidding price of RMB1,397 million (equivalent to approximately HK$1,620.52 million). Property VII is situated at the Huang Cuo Wei Sub-district, Zhu Gang New Town, Shantou City, Guangdong Province, the PRC , with a site area of approximately 69,660.6 sq.m. The Group holds 100% equity interests in Property VII. As at 31 March 2021, Property VII was under development and pre-sale processes have not yet commenced. According to the building plan of Property VII, the approximate attributable GFA is 318,000 sq.m. and its approximate attributable saleable area is 244,200 sq.m. Details of the acquisition of Property VII are set out in the circular of the Company dated 25 January 2021. On 27 November 2020, the Group, through an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, successfully won the bidding in respect of the land use rights of a residential development site (“Property VIII”) at the bidding price of RMB411.80 million (equivalent to approximately HK$480.16 million). Property VIII is situated at the north-west juncture of Li Zi Yuan Road and Ma Lu Jie Road at Leng Shui Tan District, Yongzhou City, Hunan Province, the PRC , with a site area of approximately 61,135.98 sq.m. The Group holds 100% equity interests in Property VIII. As at 31 March 2021, Property VIII was under development and pre-sale processes have not yet commenced. According to the building plan of Property VIII, the approximate attributable GFA is 231,500 sq.m. and its approximate attributable saleable area is 183,900 sq.m. Details of the acquisition of Property VIII are set out in the circular of the Company dated 25 January 2021. Since the Investment completed in late November 2019, having successfully acquired the first parcel of land in Ningxiang, Hunan Province, the Group acquired land use rights of a further seven parcels of land in five different provinces in the PRC during the Year. The accumulated total land reserves of the Group add up to 397,489.14 sq.m., and the total attributable acquisition cost the Group incurred was approximately RMB3,868.3 million. The Group expects that these eight parcels of land, upon completion of development, will provide a total of approximate attributable GFA of 1,252,300 sq.m. and approximate attributable saleable area of 939,000 sq.m. to the Group. As mentioned above, the Disposal was completed on 15 June 2021. The target company of the Disposal, Unijoy Limited and its subsidiaries (collectively referred to as the “Unijoy Group”) own three consumer electronic brands, Akai, Sansui and Nakamichi, and are principally engaged in the licensing of brands and trademarks through the licensing of these brands to independent third parties. Details of the Disposal are set out in the circular of the Company dated 21 May 2021. As the Disposal was completed before the date of this annual report, the management has separated the results of the licensing business as the discontinued operation. During the Year, revenue generated from the licensing operations was HK$44 million as compared to HK$58 million for the Corresponding Year. The operating profit of this discontinued operation for the Year was HK$24 million as compared to HK$39 million for the Corresponding Year. The decrease in operating profit was mainly due to the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic, which directly affected the licensing business resulting in a decrease in revenue. During the Year, the Group experienced changes in its core businesses. The expansion in property development in the PRC was significant during the Year. The Group commenced to participate in land auctions since the summer of 2020 and has successfully bidded for seven parcels of land during the Year, which increased the land reserve of the Group to eight parcels of land. The Group has also expanded its holding of lands from one province to five provinces in the PRC. The site area of land reserve has increased from 49,502.99 sq.m. as at 31 March 2020 to 397,489.14 sq.m. as at the date of this annual report, representing an 8-fold increase. The management is confident that, with their well-versed experience in property development in the PRC, these eight parcels of land will bring favourable income to the Group over the next few years. Moreover, the Group will continue to participate in land auctions held by municipal governments in the PRC, in order to obtain land reserves with great development potential as the management considers. Continued bidding in land auctions will not only increase the land reserves of the Group, but also expand our foothold in different cities in the PRC. Furthermore, by successfully biding lands that are in close proximity to existing land reserves, the Group is expected to benefit from synergy effect which might reduce the costs of the Group as a whole. On 15 June 2021, disposal of the Group’s licensing business completed. Due to the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic, the licensing business has been adversely affected, resulting in a decrease in revenue generated during the Year, when compared to the Corresponding Year. Furthermore, as mentioned above, the Group has established a foothold in the PRC’s property development business since November 2019 and intends to intensify efforts to strengthen its business sector by increasing its land bank, both in terms of quality and quantity with the aim of developing the PRC’s property development as one of its major businesses. Accordingly, it was considered that the Disposal would enable the Group to reallocate its financial and other resources to other Group businesses, in particular the PRC’s property development, which the management considers to have higher development potential, and thereby generate more return to the Shareholders. Regarding the operation of Emerson, in light of the adverse effects of the COVID-19 pandemic on macroeconomic conditions domestically in the USA and internationally, along with the uncertainty associated with a potential recovery, management of Emerson has implemented certain cost-reduction actions intended to reduce expenditure. However, as the environment remains highly uncertain and demand for Emerson’s products remains difficult to assess due to many factors including the pace of economic recovery, the status of various government stimulus programs, competitive intensity and retailer actions, management of Emerson is unable at this time to predict the full impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on its operations and financial results. Even though the spread of COVID-19 pandemic became severe again in Guangzhou and some cities in the PRC starting from the second quarter of 2021, management of our PRC’s household appliances business still have confidence in maintaining the scale of this operation in the coming year. The sales team will continue to solicit new customers in order to increase the revenue of this operation. On the other hand, management will continue to impose various cost control measures in order to reduce the operating cost of this operation. Regarding the PRC’s IT business, since the COVID-19 pandemic has spread again in Guangzhou and certain cities of the PRC in the second quarter of 2021, the management does not expect the PRC’s IT business to generate any further revenue to the Group in the near future. In this respect, the management might consider to close down the operation of the PRC’s IT business next year. Having completed the consolidation work on the core businesses of the Group, the Group will focus its resources on the remaining core businesses, especially in PRC’s property development. With better use of resources on proven operations, the Directors hope that the Group can produce a better return to the Shareholders in the coming years. As at 31 March 2021, the Group had net current assets of HK$2,894 million as compared to HK$642 million as at 31 March 2020. As at 31 March 2021, the Group had a current ratio of approximately 1.82 (5.49 as at 31 March 2020). The increase in net current assets but decrease in current ratio were mainly attributable to the increase in properties under development but was partially offset by the increase in amounts payable and amount due to a related party during the Year. As at 31 March 2021, the Group had HK$430 million cash and bank balances (HK$447 million as at 31 March 2020). The Group’s working capital requirements were mainly financed by internal resources. The Group had inventories of HK$18 million as at 31 March 2021 (HK$15 million as at 31 March 2020). On 11 December 2020, the Company via Guangzhou Ruihua Property Development Company Limited# (“Guangzhou Ruihua” , an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company) entered into the Cooperation Agreement with Guangxi Huayu and Nanning Ruihua, pursuant to which Guangzhou Ruihua and Guangxi Huayu agreed to make respective capital contributions to the registered capital of and provide shareholder’s loans on a pro rata basis to Nanning Ruihua for financing the land acquired in Nanning and for the development of the land. Upon completion of the capital contributions, Nanning Ruihua is held as to 51% by Guangzhou Ruihua and 49% by Guangxi Huayu. For details, please refer to the circular of the Company dated 25 January 2021. Except for the above, the Group had no other material acquisition or disposal of subsidiaries for the Year. Other than the lands acquired through public auctions as disclosed above, the Group did not enter into any new significant investment during the Year. The Group does not have any concrete plan for material investments or capital assets acquisitions for the coming 12 months. As at 31 March 2021, the Group’s gearing ratio, expressed as net borrowings over total equity, was approximately 3.93 time (as at 31 March 2020: Nil). As at 31 March 2021, no assets were pledged to secure other borrowing facilities for the Group (as at 31 March 2020: Nil). The Group’s revenues are mainly in US dollars and Renminbi (“RMB”). Since Hong Kong dollars is linked with US dollars, the Group is not exposed to significant currency risks in transactions settled in US dollars. However, for transactions settled in RMB, the Group will be exposed to foreign currency risks. The Group offsets the corresponding risks mainly through natural hedging and has not participated in any speculative trading of derivative financial instruments, but will carefully consider whether to conduct currency swaps at an appropriate time to hedge against corresponding risks. The Group will closely monitor and manage its foreign currency exposure and to make use of appropriate measures when required. The numbers of employees of the Group as at 31 March 2021 and 31 March 2020 were 146 and 84 respectively. The Group remunerates its employees mainly based on industry practice, individual performance and experience. Apart from the basic remuneration, a discretionary bonus may be granted to eligible employees by reference to the Group’s performance as well as to an individual’s performance in the relevant financial year. Other benefits include medical and retirement schemes. Details of the contingent liabilities of the Group are set out in Note 34 to the consolidated financial statements. As at 31 March 2021, the Group had contracted, but had not provided for, capital expenditure commitments of HK$1,351 million (as at 31 March 2020: HK$499 million) in respect of properties under development. 