8 Management Xiwang Sugar Holdings Company Limited (the “Company”) and its subsidiaries (collectively, the “Group”) are principally engaged in the production of a variety of starch sugars and corn co-products in the People’s Republic of China (“China” or the “PRC”), and the distribution and sale of such products within and outside the PRC. The Group’s products are important ingredients for many industries in the world, including food and beverage, fermentation, pharmaceutical, chemical and animal nutrition. The Group was established in 2001 and has been listed on the Main Board of The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the “Stock Exchange”) since December 2005. Headquartered in the Zouping County of Shandong Province in the PRC, the Group’s production facilities are fully integrated, which promotes the efficient use of resource and greatly enhances the ability of lengthening the corn value chain. Currently, the Group has an annual corn processing capacity of 1.5 million tonnes. The Group is the largest producer of crystalline glucose in the PRC with an annual capacity of 800,000 tonnes, and is the pioneer and the largest provider of crystalline fructose in the PRC with an annual capacity of 50,000 tonnes. In addition, the Group is the largest producer of sodium gluconate in the PRC with an annual capacity of 120,000 tonnes. The Group is regarded as the Number 1 of the Top 20 Enterprises in the Starch Sugar Industry by the China Fermentation Industry Association since 2006 and the Town of Sugar in China by the China National Food Industry Association since 2007. The Group is highly committed to environmental safety. The Group has been accredited as the National Environmental Friendly Corporation by the Ministry of Environmental Protection of the PRC since 2005. In 2009, the Group’s industrial area is quoted as the Demonstration Area of Circular Economy in the Yellow River Delta Efficient Eco-Economic Zone Development Plan by the National Development and Reform Commission of the PRC. Segment Description: The Group refines corn and has organized its business into two operating segments: Starch sugars which include crystalline glucose, crystalline fructose and fructose-glucose syrup. Corn co-products and others which include corn gluten meal, corn gluten feed, corn germ, corn starch and sodium gluconate. Crystalline glucose, or dextrose monohydrate, is a monosaccharide in white, fine-crystalline form, with relative sweetness of 0.71. Glucose serves to enhance the taste and texture of many food products, such as ice-cream or crackers. It is also widely used industrially as fermentation intermediate for the production of various pharmaceuticals, food and feed ingredients. Glucose can be directly assimilated by human circulation system so it is often used for medical transfusion. The Group produces crystalline glucose from corn starch. Crystalline fructose is a monosaccharide in white, fine-crystalline form. It has a sweet fruity flavor and the highest relative sweetness of 1.31 to 1.81 among all natural sugars. As a result, a smaller amount of fructose can be used to achieve the same sweet taste. Fructose is commonly used in making low caloric food such as cereals and sports drinks. Fructose has a Glycemic Index (GI)2 value of 19 which is the lowest among all natural sugars. Low GI diets (GI value less than 55) are suggested for people with diabetes. The Group produces crystalline fructose from crystalline glucose. Fructose-glucose syrup refers to a family of mixture of varying amount of fructose and glucose. Fructose-glucose syrup has a relative sweetness of 1.01 to 1.21, and is mainly used for sweetening purpose. Although fructose-glucose syrup is widely used in beverages and food, its application is relatively limited since the product is in syrup form which restricts its distribution distance. Notes: Based on the relative sweetness of sucrose (constituent of white sugar) of 1.0. Glycemic Index measures the rate of blood glucose increase after the intake of food, ranking on a scale of 0 to 100. Glucose has a GI value of 100 (as reference) and sucrose has a GI value of 65. Corn gluten meal is a high-protein ingredient with natural yellow pigment which is also known as yellow powder. It is commonly used in animal feed for providing rich protein to promote the growth of animals such as pig, chicken, pet and fish. Corn gluten meal is extracted from corn kernel after the larger part of starch and germ are separated during the basic refinery process. Corn gluten feed is a source of protein, energy and fiber. It is used as a multi-nutrient ingredient for cattle, pig, poultry and pet. Corn gluten feed is obtained from corn kernel after starch, germ and gluten have been extracted. Corn gluten meal and corn gluten feed are collectively categorized as the Group’s “corn feed products”. Corn germ is the embryo part of a corn kernel, and is rich in oil. The Group sells all the corn germ to a nearby connected company which is engaged in the production of edible corn oil. The transactions are based on market prices. Corn starch constitutes approximately 70% of the major part of a corn kernel. The Group uses corn starch principally for the production of crystalline glucose and sodium gluconate, so corn starch is not the Group’s development focus. The surplus of it will be sold to food or paper manufacturers. Sodium gluconate appears as white, granular to fine powder. Sodium gluconate is largely used as a set retarder of concrete in construction industry. It is also used as a detergent for bottle washing and utensil cleansing. A highlight of the financial results of the Group for the year ended 31 December 2010 (the “Year”), together with the comparative figures of the corresponding period in 2009, is as follow: For the year ended Revenue Gross profit Operating profit Net profit Gross profit margin Operating profit margin Net profit margin The Group recorded substantial growth in revenue and profits and profit margins during the Year when compared with 2009. The satisfactory results was mainly driven by the strong performance of our starch sugar products and sodium gluconate. During the Year, the Group was engaged in improving the production process such that a larger amount high-value products of starch sugars and sodium gluconate were produced from corn starch. It was reflected by the strong growth in the sales volumes of crystalline glucose, fructose-glucose syrup and sodium gluconate by approximately 17.0%, 254.9% and 104.7% respectively. Furthermore, although the major production cost, average corn cost, rose by approximately 19%, the average selling price of our crystalline glucose increased significantly by approximately 27% and that of fructose-glucose syrup increased by approximately 19%. Therefore, even though the performance of our corn feed products was weak due to the slow recovery of animal feed market in China, the Group still achieved a significant improvement in the overall results. Crystalline glucose, Others, 1.8% Sodium gluconate, Corn starch, Corn germ, Corn gluten feed, Corn gluten meal, Fructose-glucose syrup, Crystalline fructose, Crystalline glucose, Others, 5.1% Sodium gluconate, Corn starch, Corn germ, Corn gluten feed, Corn gluten meal, Fructose-glucose syrup, Crystalline fructose, Revenue by operating segments: For the year ended Increase/(Decrease) Starch sugars: Crystalline glucose Crystalline fructose Fructose-glucose syrup Corn co-products and others: Corn gluten meal (7.9) Corn gluten feed Corn germ Corn starch (48.6) Sodium gluconate Others Revenue by Products: Sales volume of key products: For the year ended Increase/(Decrease) Tonnes Tonnes Starch sugars: Crystalline glucose Crystalline fructose Fructose-glucose syrup Corn co-products and others: Corn gluten meal (8.6) Corn gluten feed (9.7) Corn germ Corn starch (59.0) Sodium gluconate Average selling prices of key products: For the year ended Increase/ RMB/ tonne RMB/ tonne (Decrease) Tax-inclusive Tax-exclusive Tax-inclusive Tax-exclusive Starch sugars: Crystalline glucose Crystalline fructose (12.5) Fructose-glucose syrup Corn co-products and others: Corn gluten meal Corn gluten feed Corn germ Corn starch Sodium gluconate During the Year, revenue of starch sugars was approximately Renminbi (“RMB”) 1,855 million (2009: RMB 1,115 million) which accounted for approximately 56.9% of the total revenue (2009: 44.9%). Revenue of corn co-products and others was approximately RMB 1,403 million (2009: RMB 1,366 million) which accounted for 43.1% of the total revenue (2009: 55.1%). The Group achieved strong growth in both sales volume and average selling price of crystalline glucose in the Year when compared with 2009. Firstly, it was due to the strong demand for and the tight supply of crystalline glucose in China. Secondly, the continual increase in white sugar price in China has further supported the rise in price of crystalline glucose. The supply of crystalline fructose in China is dependent on import. Therefore, our aim is to substitute the import in order to capture the market share. As part of our development of fructose market in China, we needed to provide more discounts to customers to attract them to use our product. The Group began the commercial production of the fructose plant in late 2009. Thus, the production output of crystalline fructose gradually increased during the Year. Apart from the production of crystalline fructose, the Group utilized the fructose plant for the production of fructose-glucose syrup. The proportion of output of crystalline fructose and fructose- glucose syrup depended on the relative demand for the two products during that period of time. During the Year, the sales volume and average selling price of fructose-glucose syrup of the Group were strong due to the strong demand for it in the food and beverage industry. The sales performance of corn feed products depends largely on the supply and demand dynamics of the animal feed market in China which is in turn sensitive to pork price in China. As there was oversupply of pigs in the first half of 2010, the demand for animal feed reduced. The Chinese government began to collect frozen pork since the middle of the Year. Though recovery of the animal feed market was seen in the second half of the Year, the momentum was not strong enough to cause a significant rebound of the performance of our corn feed products. The growth in sales volume and average selling price of corn germ in the Year was driven by the higher consumption of edible corn oil in China. In particular, the price of corn oil rose significantly during the fourth quarter of 2010, which drove the selling price of corn germ to increase substantially at that time. During the Year, because of the strong market demand for crystalline glucose and sodium gluconate, a larger volume of corn starch was used internally for converting to crystalline glucose and sodium gluconate. As a result, the sales of corn starch reduced significantly. The Group has upgraded the efficiency and capacity of the production facility for sodium gluconate in the first half of the Year. The upgrade was aimed at meeting the increasing market demand of this product. During the Year, we recorded satisfactory performance of sodium gluconate with sales volume doubled and a double-digit growth in average selling price, as the demand for this product in both China and overseas continued to be strong. Revenue by geographical segments: The Group conducts its business in both China and overseas countries. For the year ended China Other countries Overseas, Overseas, China, China, During the Year, the Group generated a majority of sales in China. Revenue from domestic sales accounted for approximately 86.5% (2009: 87.8%) of the total sales. The rest of approximately 13.5% came from oversea countries (2009: 12.2%) During the Year, the Group recorded strong growth in both domestic sales and export sales, with a relatively stronger growth from the export sales. Export recorded an approximate 45.4% growth, while the domestic sales recorded an approximately 29.3% growth. During the Year, products that were exported included crystalline glucose, sodium gluconate and corn feed products. On top of that, the Group began to export crystalline fructose to Europe, North America and south-east Asia regions. The breakdown of cost of goods sold was as follows: For the year ended Increase/(Decrease) Corn Other raw materials Utilities Depreciation Labor Others Depreciation, Depreciation, Labor, Labor, Others, Others, Corn, Corn, Utilities, Utilities, Other raw materials, Other raw materials, The Group’s total cost of goods sold for the Year amounted to approximately RMB 2,785 million (2009: RMB 2,164 million), an increment of approximately 28.7% compared with 2009, which was in line with the revenue growth. The increase in production cost was resulted from the Group’s overall larger production volume, in particular for the high-value products. The component costs in the cost of goods sold generally rose mainly due to the inflationary environment in China. Corn cost represented approximately 74% of the total cost of goods sold in the Year (2009: 76%). During the Year, the Group processed approximately 1.23 million tonnes of corn (2009: 1.15 million tonne), an increase of approximately 7% year-on-year. The average corn cost (tax-inclusive) of the Group during the Year was approximately RMB 1,910 per tonne (2009: RMB 1,600 per tonne), which rose by approximately 19.4% from that of the previous year. Gross profit margins of key products and the Group’s overall gross profit margin were: For the year ended Increase/(Decrease) Starch sugars: Crystalline glucose Crystalline fructose (9.4) Fructose-glucose syrup (2.8) Corn co-products and others: Corn gluten meal (12.0) (17.0) Corn gluten feed (8.3) Corn germ (0.2) Corn starch Sodium gluconate profit margin: During the Year, even though the performance of corn feed products was weak, the sales performance in terms of both sale volumes and average selling prices, of crystalline glucose and sodium gluconate were strong enough to outpace the rise in production cost. Therefore, the Group’s overall profitability improved and the Group’s overall gross profit margin increased to 14.5% (2009: 12.8%). The amount of other income - net was approximately RMB 1 million mainly from the sale of scrap materials (i.e. others than the Group’s key products). Selling and marketing costs consisted of mainly transportation expenses and commission for sales staff. Selling and marketing costs during the Year amounted to approximately RMB 120 million, which increased by about 22.6% compared with the previous year. This was in line with the increase in sales. The Group’s selling and marketing costs represented approximately 3.7% of the total revenue during the Year (2009: 3.9%). The Group’s administrative expenses included general administrative overheads, staff cost for management and non-production staff, research and development expenditure, etc.. Administrative expense during the Year amounted to approximately RMB 61 million (2009: RMB 48 million). The Group had good control of its selling, marketing and administrative expenses, which altogether represented approximately 5.5% of the total revenue of the Year (2009: 5.9%). The net finance costs of the Group comprised of interest expense and foreign exchange effect. The net finance cost of the Group was approximately RMB 77 million in the Year (2009: RMB 56 million). Interest expense in the Year increased to approximately RMB 104 million (2009: RMB 78 million) because of a larger average loan principal in the Year (although this level came down by the end of the Year) and also a higher interest rate. The Group’s effective annual interest rate was about 5.7% in the Year (2009: 5.2%). During the Year, the Group recorded a net exchange gain of approximately 2 million (2009: net exchange loss of RMB 3 million) mainly from the Group’s United States Dollars (“USD”) bank borrowings. The Group’s income tax expense was approximately RMB 5 million during the Year (2009: RMB 14 million). The Group has two main operating subsidiaries in the PRC, namely Shandong Xiwang Bio-Chem Technology Co., Ltd. (“Xiwang Technology”) and Shandong Xiwang Sugar Industry Co., Ltd. (“Xiwang Sugar”). Both of these subsidiaries are production enterprises with foreign investments, and therefore they are entitled to two years of full exemption and three years of 50% reduction of the standard enterprise income tax rate of the PRC Corporate Income Tax Law (“CIT”) of 25%, i.e. 12.5% thereafter (“CIT Tax Holidays”). The CIT Tax Holidays of Xiwang Sugar has ended in 2009, while Xiwang Technology will have its CIT Tax Holidays ended by the end of 2011. During the Year, Xiwang Sugar was subject to CIT rate of 25% and Xiwang Technology was subject to CIT rate of 12.5%. Xiwang Technology was approved to be exempted from CIT amounting to a maximum of RMB 41 million for 7 years, in aggregate, starting from 2007 (“CIT Exemption”). The CIT Exemption was granted to Xiwang Technology because of its purchase of certain special domestically manufactured equipments. During the Year, Xiwang Technology has utilized the remaining balance of the CIT Exemption of approximately RMB 27 million. Since the majority of the Group’s taxable profit was contributed by Xiwang Technology during the Year, the Group’s effective tax rate was reduced significantly to approximately 2.5% (2009: 12.4%). Liquidity, capital resources and gearing ratio: 31 December 2010 31 December 2009 RMB million Cash and cash equivalents Total borrowings Net current assets / (liabilities) Total equity Current ratio3 Gearing ratio4 Notes: Current ratio was calculated as total current assets divided by total current liabilities. Gearing ratio was calculated as net borrowings divided by total equity, of which net borrowings equals to total borrowings minus cash and cash equivalents. The Group’s cash and cash equivalents as at 31 December 2010 amounted to approximately RMB 549 million (31 December 2009: RMB 778 million). During the Year, the Group had net cash inflow from operating activities of approximately RMB 329 million (2009: net cash outflow of RMB 458 million). The Group has net cash used in investing activities of approximately RMB 276 million in the Year (2009: RMB 272 million), mainly used for the upgrade of fructose plant and the production facility for sodium gluconate and the construction of oligosaccharide production line. The Group has net cash outflow from financial activities of approximately RMB 283 million during the Year (2009: net cash inflow of RMB 1,260 million), mainly arisen from the net proceeds of issuance of ordinary shares of approximately RMB 294 million and a net repayment of the Group’s borrowings of approximately RMB 564 million. Total borrowings of the Group reduced significantly to approximately RMB 1,565 million as at 31 December 2010 (31 December 2009: RMB 2,129 million). During the Year, the Group reduced short-term borrowings by approximately RMB 1,213 million of which a portion of them were replaced with long-term loans. Short-term borrowings represented approximately 39% of the total borrowings at 31 December 2010 (31 December 2009: 86%). As a result, the Group has improved from a net current liabilities position as at 31 December 2009 to a net current asset position as at 31 December 2010. The current ratio also increased to 1.67 at 31 December 2010 (31 December 2009: 0.93). During the Year, the Group completed equity placements with certain institutional investors in January 2010 for Hong Kong Dollars (“HKD”) 292 million and with International Finance Corporation (“IFC”) in July 2010 for HKD 38.8 million. Adding the net profit earned during the Year, the Group’s total equity increased to RMB 1,966 million as at 31 December 2010 (2009: RMB 1,473 million). The Group’s effort in lowering the debt level and raising the shareholder’s equity value has strengthened the financial position by lowering the net gearing ratio from 0.92 as at 31 December 2009 to 0.52 as at 31 December 2010. The Group’s capital investment during the Year was approximately RMB 287 million (2009: RMB 269 million) mainly for the upgrade of fructose plant and the production facility for sodium gluconate and the construction of oligosaccharide production line. As of 31 December 2010, the Company has been involved in an arbitration proceedings whereby the Company is not a party to it. The proceedings involves a dispute arisen from two contracts for sale and purchase of crystalline glucose signed by a third party Korean company (the “Claimant”) and Xiwang Sugar (Hong Kong) Limited (the “Respondent”) back in September and November 2009. The respondent used to be a subsidiary of the Company until 19 January 2010. According to the Claimant’s case, it was alleged that the Company was in fact in control of the Respondent and the Company was directly involved in all the matters in relation to the dispute. The Claimant therefore claimed that the Company should be bound by the arbitration clause and be liable to the alleged breach of contracts by the Respondent in the amount of approximately US$4.6 million (approximately RMB 31 million), which was the claim made by the claimant against the Respondent but not the Company (the “Claim”). Despite the Company’s numerous clarifications, the Claimant insists to invite the Tribunal to make an award against both the Respondent and the Company on the evidence submitted by it earlier. In order to protect the interest of the Company, the Company has no alternative but to write and inform the Tribunal that the Company shall make submissions on the issue of jurisdiction (informing the Tribunal should not have jurisdiction over the Company) as a non-party to the proceedings. The Company is now in the course of preparing such submissions. According to the advice of the Company’s legal counsel, based on the materials available so far, there was a fair chance that the Company would not be bound by the arbitration agreement as contained in the relevant contracts. The directors of the Company agree with the advice from counsel and consider that the Company has a fair chance that it would not be bound by the arbitration agreements. The directors of the Company therefore consider that it is not probable for the Company to be liable to the Claim. Accordingly, no provision had been made in the consolidated financial statements. The Group’s main operation is in the PRC. The function currency of the Group is RMB. The majority of the Group’s assets, liabilities, income, payments and cash balances are denominated in RMB, with a minor portion of sales from export and bank loans denominated in USD. Therefore, the directors of the Company considered that the risk exposure of the Group to fluctuation of foreign exchange rate was minimal. The Group had 3,047 employees as at 31 December 2010 (31 December 2009: 3,004). The Group regularly reviewed the remuneration packages of the directors and employees, with respect to their experience and responsibilities to the Group’s business. The Group has established a remuneration committee to determine and review the terms of remuneration packages, bonuses, and other compensation payable to the directors and senior management. In addition to the basic remuneration packages and discretionary bonuses, share options may also be granted based on individual performance. In China, sugar consumption is mainly represented by fast growth of the food-processing industry. According to the government statistics, the production of sugar-containing food was about 9.5 million tonnes in 2010, which increased by about 20% over 2009. Types of food that made most use of sugar include beverages, snacks and dairy products, which many of them exhibited double- digit growth rates. In China, sugar cane and sugar beet are the main raw materials for white sugar and corn is the main raw material for starch sugars. As agricultural land for expansion is limited and there are unexpected weather interruptions, it is expected that the possibility of a large increase in the supply of sugar in a short period of time will be minimal. Furthermore, the Chinese government has placed further stringent measures for ensuring corn is not used irregularly and there is enough corn for feed and food purposes. As such, the fundamentals of sugar market and corn market will be positive. White sugar and high-fructose corn syrup are two most common sweeteners in food. However, health problems associated with them are numerous. One of the biggest issues is obesity. In certain cities in China, the overweighted population has accounted for more than 20% of the city population. In fact, rate of obesity has doubled in ten years, and is showing a fast upward trend. Over-consuming of sugar is dangerous in that it would also cause certain type of diabetes. Currently, diabetes has become a major epidemic in China. As an analogy, one in ten adults in China is being diagnosed with this disease, and China has overtaken India to be the largest country having the largest population of diabetics. Thus, we expect people will be more concerned about their diets and they will be more eager to look for healthy sugars as substitutes. The Group has foreseen the opportunity of the healthy starch sugar market in China. We have launched crystalline fructose and will launch oligosaccharide soon in 2011. As part of our marketing campaign, the Group will be active in motivating large food companies to use our products to open new food products. We are also dedicated to supply these products directly to the consumer markets. The Group has also a new product called crystalline fructose-glucose. As the name suggests, it is made up of crystalline fructose and crystalline glucose. Its relative sweetness is about 1.11. With this sweetness it can be used as an alternative to traditional white sugar. The national standards of crystalline fructose and crystalline fructose-glucose would be promulgated soon in 2011. We believe this will enhance our recognition and facilitate our development in the market. 